

Zaheer khan

S/0 Mr. Shakeel Khan
Add- Mohalla Gohar Ali khan
 Post and Ps Afzalgarh 
 Tehsil Dhampur Disst- Bijnor (U P )
Pin-246722
Mo- +917534991792							Email- zaheerkhan639@gmail.com   
  









Objective

To join an organization that provides me an opportunity to utilize in Project Engineering & Management with my technical skills which offers professional growth while being flexible & innovative to learn and explore new areas.

Professional Profile

Facilities management, construction and other fields for the successful completion of project. 
Conversant in plan and schedule the project by developing a project master schedule in line with the proposal requirements through the application of the primavera P6 software. 
Coordinating with Architects, Engineers and representatives including attending regular meetings to keep them informed of progress. 
Overseeing quality control, health and safety matters on site. 
Taking out quantities from drawings, B.O.Q. & even on site measurement. Managing and monitoring day to day activities on Site. 
Proficiency in the use of professional software including Primavera-P6, AutoCAD, MS Word & Excel, 3d Studio Max, Photoshop. 
Well developed written & verbal communication skills, with the ability to cooperate effectively with colleagues and team members to solve problems. 

Education

High School passed from U P Board Allahabad with 1st division in (1997)

Inter mediate passed from U P Board Allahabad with 1st division in (1999)

Technical qualification  
Diploma in civil engineering from Govt. polytechnic. Bijnor with 1st (2002)  

Employment History

Project Engineer, September -2014- Sep – 2015
Projet ria vacations P.V.T company Ramnagarh nainital uttarakhand  

.
Responsibilities:
Planning, organizing, scheduling the activities using primavera and monitoring the progress at site and updating the baseline program accordingly on monthly and weekly basis.

Submitting daily, weekly and monthly reports to client/ consultant.
Visiting the site & taking the updates and progress photographs & submitting them to client/consultant. Extracting the activities from BOQ and apply the same in our program.

Collaborating with site managers, surveyors, engineers, site worker and other professionals



Junior engineer august- 2005- july-2012
Midmac contracting company W.LL (DOHA QATAR) 

Projects 
	•	Villas 
	•	Housing complexes 
	•	Multistoried buildings 
	•	Rood and brij 
	•	Doha airport 

Responsibilities:
Drawing, Estimating, Supervising of all types of Civil Engineering works.

Giving marking
Giving levels with leveling instrument, alignment of columns
Executing all the construction activities of both Structural and Architectural work
Preparing reports as required.

Civil supervisor feb-2013- jun-2014
A.b.c.d. Bladen Company makka Saudi Arab

Project : 
	•	Project 			:	Al harem
	•	Client 			:	A.B.C.D. Bladen
	•	Consultant 		:	Bladen group
	•	Project location    	:	Makka Al harem 

Responsibilities:

day-to-day management of the site, including supervising and monitoring the site labour force and the work of any subcontractors

Checking and preparing site reports, designs and drawings. quantities for accuracy of calculations.

Providing all quality checks concerning the project.
Ensuring equipment and procedures comply with safety regulations problem solving
ensuring site safety
Prepare the weekly and monthly progress reports. Others.

Personal details:
Name 			:   	 Zaheer khan
Father’s Name 		:   	 Mr. shakeel khan 
Date of birth		:   	 15th july 1980
Nationality 		:   	 Indian 
Marital status 		:   	 Marred 
Gander			: 	Male 
Language known 	:             Hindi,English & Urdu  	
Passport no 		:	J4203726		


Place- Afzalgarh 		ZAHEER KHAN
                   

