	
KARTIK GOEL
B-71 A Pocket-B Phase-2 Ashok Vihar Delhi 110052
Phone: +91–9999298879
Email: Kartikgoel.18@gmail.com
  
OBJECTIVE: Enthusiastic learner who always believe in constantly improving knowledge and regular self development along with growing my interpersonal and professional behaviour to a new level.

WORK EXPERIENCE 
Company
AXIS BANK LTD
Designation
Customer Service Officer(MINISTRY OF DEFENCE BRANCH)
Duration
January 2018-Present
Key Performance Areas
	•	Ensure all financial transactions processing is in a timely manner and as per the requirements of the customers and corporate.
	•	Identifying and networking with prospective clients, generating business from the existing accounts and achieving profitability and increased sales growth.
	•	Track and follow up on customer commitments and meet team targets and achieve customer defined parameters.
	•	Conceptualize and implement competent strategies to penetrate new acquisitions and deepen existing ones and migrating customers on Direct banking facilities available online.
	•	Ensure adherence to client policies and procedures pertaining to process.
	•	Ensuring that turnaround time met is 100% and confidentiality of financial records.
	•	Ability to recognize unusual transactions, trends or variations and communicate findings to supervisor or manager.
	•	Identify and implement areas for process improvement.
	•	Coordinates and contributes to accounting processes and initiates and facilitates the sharing of process knowledge.
Company
YES BANK LTD
Designation
Branch Service Partner(RAJOURI GARDEN BRANCH)
Duration
March 2016-January 2018
Key Performance Areas
CASH
	•	Worked as main cashier and maintenance of Cash Retention Limit at Branch.
	•	Assessing daily requirement of Cash and making indent for the same.
CUSTOMER SERVICE DESK
	•	Opening of savings and current accounts.
	•	Resolving Customers issues related to deliverables,cheques,FD.
	•	Query related to account modifications Name addition/deletion,address change,statement of accounts,maintenance of MAB 
	•	Making co-ordination with employees for smooth functioning and error free transactions.

Company
HDFC BANK LTD(SADAR BAZAR BRANCH)
Designation
Personal Banker Welcome Desk
Duration
Since Jan 2015 to March 2016
Profile
	Managing retail branch banking operations like account opening, fixed deposits and customer instructions
	Managing cheque returns,outward clearing,insta kits and instant debit cards.
	Filing of morning and end day reports and handing customer complaints.


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS

S. No
Degree
University / board
Year
1
Graduation (B.Com H)
Guru Gobind Singh College Of Commerce,Delhi University with 63%
2013
2
10+2  (Commerce)
Kulachi Hansraj Model School,Delhi with 87%
2010
3
10th
Kulachi Hansraj Model School,Delhi with 83%
2008

IT CREDENTIALS
Microsoft office-Word, PowerPoint and Excel
Familiar with Flexcube, Finnacle and internet related tasks
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Date of Birth: 27 Dec, 1992
Marital Status: Unmarried
Language Proficiency: English, Hindi.
Date:                                                                                                                                              
Place:											(Kartik Goel)
