Mohit Kumar Agrawal
Mobile: +919310337028
E-Mail: mohitkumaragrawal21@gmail.com


Objective: To secure a challenging role that will allow me the opportunity to enhance my analytical and technical capabilities through practical problem solving experiences. I aspire to be part of an organization that offers an environment to learn and progress.
Location Preference: Delhi and NCR (Ready to relocate if required)
Academic Credentials


Qualification
University/Board
Institute’s Name
Year
Percentage
M.B.A. (Finance)
Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirappalli (Tamil Nadu)
The Indian Institute Of Financial Planning
2013-15
66.92
(B.com)
Delhi University
Ramanujan College
2009-12
57.33
12th
CBSE
B.R.D.A.V Public School
2009
71.04
10th
CBSE
D.A.V Public School
2007
71.02

 	Professional Snapshot	

 Timely delivered different project's data at the highest possible quality standard
 Monitor changes in category definitions and description and check for any sort of deficiencies or discrepancies.
 Acted as an In-Team Process Trainer. The core job was to train the new resources joining the process. Take care of their on boarding process and give them hands on knowledge before coming live to the production
 Gained understanding of business intelligence reporting tools viz. dashboards, charting, graphing and scorecards and also optimize existing processes, and provide ongoing feedback on tools and processes
 Collecting, Collating and carrying out complex data analysis as an indispensable team player as per the customer requests. Actively involved in reporting statistical findings to Colleagues, Quality Analysts, Team Leads and Clients for improvement of performance.

 Escalate category related bugs to the taxonomy team to build a comprehensive category definition.

 Monitoring work of resources to identify their process gaps, giving them coaching & feedback and planning Action plan accordingly.

 Excellent interpersonal, communication, analytical, technical and problem solving skills with the ability to learn new concepts quickly and apply them in productive manner.

 	Organisational Scan	

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Tech Mahindra at CLIENT SIDE GOOGLE India Pvt Ltd. (February, 2015-April, 2016) Intelenet Global Services at CLIENT SIDE GOOGLE India Pvt Ltd. (May, 2016- Present)

Role: Associate/Quality Analyst Location: GURGAON

Project at Google:
MERLOT
The Merlot Program is designed to train and teach an artificially intelligent Classifier. With the adequate training data, the Classifier learns to categorize the Product offers into a predefined Product Ontology.

As a Analyst, my role was to provide the classifier with the training data by extensive research about the product catalogues uploaded by merchants participating in Google Shopping and maintaining the quality Dashboard as QA.

Responsibilities:
 To Research on product categories.
 Analyze and audit the judgments offered by other labels.
 Optimize existing process and provide feedback on tools & methodologies used.
 Part of project meeting with client & resolve the conflicts and ambiguous categories.
 Auditing of Quality and providing necessary feedback to resources.
 Train and mentor newly recruited resources in the program.
 Provide support to the Mediation team.
Accomplishments:
 Being a resource, I received “PAT ON THE BACK” performance award for exhibiting highest productivity and quality.
 Top Ranking performer in my team.
 Cracked an IJP (Internal Job Promotion) for the post of “Quality Analyst”
 Recognition for improving the quality of BQ (Below Quality) resources.

 	Technical Skills	

 MS office (Ms-Excel, Ms-word, Ms-PowerPoint) and Database Management System.
 Google Tools (Google Drive, Spread sheets, Google Docs)
 Tally 9 ERP
Awards and Achievements
 “Pat on the back” award for exhibiting best performance in the team.
 Active participation in college activities like Quiz, Debate, Marketing activities, Skit.
 Member of Skit winning team at Cultural Fest of IIFP.
Hobbies
 Net Surfing.
 Travelling.
 Listening Music.
Strengths


Strengths
 Positive attitude.
 Self-motivated.
 Excellent Interpersonal skills.
Personal Vitae

Father’s Name	Mr. Pradeep Kumar Agrawal
Correspondence Address:	A-581/1. Shastri Nagar, Delhi-52
Permanent Address:	Main Market, Begusarai, Bihar
Date of Birth:	21st Aug 1990
Languages Known:	English & Hindi


