Rahul Yadav                                                                                                   
Mobile : 00 919696827352 
E-mail : vivek.assi@gmail.com 
Passport no.-K3427333
Nationality :Indian              Applied for the post of: Office clerk & Document controller
	•	Skills
	•	Document management
	•	Secretarial tasks
	•	Archiving
	•	MS OFFICE
	•	OUTLOOKS
	•	SAP R3 SOFTWARE
	•	Office IT skills
To work as a document controller for “Hindustan unilever Ltd” and handle all aspects of document management processes and activities.


EXPERIENCE
HIMALAYA DRUG COMPANYVARANASI January-2013 May-2015
OFFICE CLERK
Schedule meetings and office activities and book catering appropriately.
Maintain supply closet and re-stock offices as necessary including inventory and ordering office materials.
Prepare payroll checks cross-checking check details against payroll printout.
Recorded receivables and prepared billings for mailing.
Sorted and distributed incoming mail.
Arranged for management travel accommodations including hotel and flight bookings and preferred car service.
Greeted clients in office and over multi-line phone system promptly and courteously.
Delivered inter-office messages to staff and management via email and in person.
Took dictation and transcribed for business correspondence

HINDUSTAN UNILEVER LTD DELHI June-2015 Currently
Document Controller
Experience in document control, document imaging, document archiving, and maintenance of electronic and physical documents
Excellent command over written and verbal English
Skilled in reviewing and preparing statistics and reports
Ability to interact and coordinate with internal and external business partners
Proficient with FTP clients, SharePoint, ISO, MS Office, and FileNet
Strong interpersonal, analytical, and teamwork skills
Maintaining a tracking facility to enable documents to be updated easily.
Scanning in all relevant new documents. Checking dispatch documents are accurate.
Presentation and filing of documents and drawings.
Responsible for maintaining hard copy information.Issuing and distributing controlled copies of information.
Managing and maintaining a Meridian Document Control System.
Provide advice on procedures of issue and methods in accessing the system.
Ensuring all documents are as up to date as possible within electronic filing
Systems.

Educational Qualification 

MAHATMA GANDHI KASHI VIDYAPEETH VARANASI 2013 Bachelor arts HINDI

NET XPERT VARANASI 2010 COMPUTER HARDWARE&NETWORKING.

Technical Knowledge
	•	Operating System:-          All Windows Version(2000,XP,win 2007,2008,SAP).

	•	Office Package:-               MS Office (MS Word, MS Excel, and MS PowerPoint.).
	•	Internet:-                            Best Knowledge of the Internet.
	•	 Assembling of the Computers.

	•	Any type of troubleshoots in outlook Mail.

PERSONAL DETAILS 

Date of Birth 	   : 	02August, 1992
Marital Status	   :	Unmarried
Nationality		   :	Indian
 Languages Known: 	English, Hindi  
Passport Details 	   : 	K3427333
Passport issue date:     21/06/2012
Passport expiry date:    20/06/2022



DECLARATION
I hereby declare that all the information provided here with is true to the best of  my knowledge. 


Date :-		
							                                       (Rahul Yadav)
Place :-


