


Sabique Hasan	                                                               Mobile:  +91 7900182524, + 91 8084768292
sabiquehasan@gmail.com
Skype id – Sabique Hasan 

 



I am a dynamic professional with a positive attitude. I believe that most of the tasks can be successfully accomplished within deadline provided the manager involves entire team and considers the bottlenecks as opportunities to test his knowledge and skills. 

 Academic Qualification

 10+2 Passed in 2003.                                                                                                     Three years diploma (polytechnic) Electrical in 2002-2005.


Professional Experience

Present Job


From 4th May 2015 to till date.

Chief Engineer, ibis hotel, Navi Mumbai, India.

Chief Engineer, ibis hotel, Jaipur, India  

Assistance Chief Engineer, Novotel hotel and Adagio service apartment, Abu Dhabi (UAE).









Job profile 


       Prepare R&M and HLP annual budgets and Capex.

       Working for engineering liaising, like pollution, fire NOC.

       Working for clear the audit, like HSE, HACCP, FLS.

 To manage engineering operations MEP services, BMS, Hot water Generators, Chillers,   DG Sets and STP etc.

      Prepare monthly report.

Drive engineering team, set targets for the team and evaluate their performance.

Drive kenfixit process for Guest rooms and prepare Preventive Maintenance Schedule for Plant and machinery

      Prepare training calendar for the department


Previous Job



From 11th June 2013 to 20th April 2015.

Assistant Manager Engineering, Waldorf Astoria Hotels, Ras Al Khaimah (UAE)

Job Profile

 To support to successfully open the hotel with 346 rooms, 7 F&B outlets with huge swimming pool and golf course.
	
                                    



                                       
                                             

From 16th July 2012 to 05th June 2013.

Assistant Manager Engineering, Courtyard Marriott Gurgaon, India 
                                    
                           
                                

From 20th October 2010 to 10th July 2012.

Assistant Manager, ibis Hotel, Delhi Airport, India.

Deputation to support to open hotel Furmule1, Greater Noida, India.

Engineering Executive, ibis Hotel, Gurgaon, India.

Job Profile
	
       Achieved Employee of the month for Performance.  

 Minimize guest complaints maximizing guest request fulfilling.

 Implementation of energy saving measures and searching of energy saving methods.

 To ensure that the overall electricity consumption and the boiler running hours are 5% less             than normal/budgeted.










 Monthly health check-up of all HVAC system, Electrical appliances, Heat exchangers, Boilers        to save energy.

 Training to all staff including contract staff of all Engineering systems & various machines.

 To co-ordinate with purchase, accounts and various vendors for proper support.
  
 Materials up keeping of spares of all major & imported equipment’s & Machines.

 Store material up keeping and monthly inventory.

 Operation and maintenance of D.G. set capacity 725,500 KVA.

 Operation and maintenance of HT & LT system,
 
 Handling and distribution of breakdown maintenances between the Permanent and contract staff.

 Operation and maintenance of heat pumps type screw chillers make Carrier 90 ton capacity (2 Nos).

 Operation and maintenance of Sand filters and Resin based softeners and STP.

 Operation and maintenance of air handing units, fan coil units, Exhaust and air washers,
 Monitoring the entire AHU TFA air washer and other equipment’s.

 Handing guest complaints and public area complaints.

 Taking care of fire detection system installed by Apollo and firefighting system.

 Monitoring and maintaining files of Predictive, Preventive and Planed maintenances of all machines and also take feedbacks from user departments.

 Maintaining the Machines History Cards as per spares and their cost consumed regular basis.										

















                                              
 From 15th October 2005 to 18th October 2010.

Engineering Supervisor, Trident Gurgaon, India.

Engineering assistant, Wildflower Hall – Shimla in the Himalayas

	 Job Profile
      
         Achieved Exceptional for Performance.  

     Operation and maintenance of D.G. set make Cummins capacity 750 KVA (2 Nos.)

 Operation and maintenance of HT & LT system, 

Handling and distribution of breakdown maintenances between the staff

To co-ordinate with purchase, accounts and various vendors for proper support.
  
Materials up keeping of spares of all major & imported equipment’s & Machines.

Store material up keeping and monthly inventory.

Operation and maintenance of heat pumps type screw chillers make CIAT HYDRO 180 ton capacity (3 Nos).

Operation and maintenance of Sand filters and Resin based softeners.

Handing guest complaints and public area complaints

Operation and maintenance of steam boiler capacity 600kg/hr.

Taking care of fire detection system installed by Johnson Controls and firefighting system.








Operation and maintenance of Cooling towers capacity 200tons (3+1nos)

To ensure that the overall electricity consumption and the boiler running hrs.

Monitoring and maintaining files of Predictive, Preventive and Planed Maintenances of all machines and also take feedbacks from user departments.

Maintaining the machines History Cards as per spares and their cost consumed regular basis																							
                                               
                                            

From 10th May 2005 to 10th October 2005.
     
Engineering assistant, TAJ Chandigarh
    
 
 Personal Details

 Name                      :             Sabique Hasan

Father Name             :             Late Asgar Hussain

Date of Birth	         :              04th Oct 1986

Marital Status          :             Married.

Permanent address :	         c/o late Tahir Hussain
                                                Fazal House,Imam bara lane
                                               Baker gunj,P.o. Bankipur
                                              Dist. Patna – 800004.


	

