IMRAN HUSAIN
Mobile: +91- 8601177786
e-mail: mailtoimranhusain@gmail.com

Middle level assignments in Sales & distribution Management with a brand of high repute

Business Development


Sales & Marketing


Strategy Planning
	Dynamic professional with over 4 years of experience in Marketing, Sales and Relationship Management.
	•	A proactive leader and planner with expertise in strategic planning and market planning with skills in targeted marketing.
	•	Well organized with track record that demonstrates self-motivation, creativity, and initiative to achieve goals.
	•	Adept in managing overall profitability of the operations and accountable for strategic utilization and deployment of the available resources to achieve organizational objectives.
	•	Strong organizer, motivator, team player and a decisive leader with successful track record in directing from concept through implementation to handle the diverse market dynamics.
Competencies Overview

 Forecasting and planning sales product-wise / Area-wise.
 Built and developed distribution network for sales in the. Achieved volume development and customer satisfaction in assigned territory.
 Creating and sustaining a dynamic environment that fosters development opportunities and motivates high performance amongst team.
Employment History

Apr.2014 to Dec 2014
DEO/ Store Keeper , Lucknow	BALRAM AGENCY ( A Pepsico India Distributer)

 Daily Online billing on SAP
 Maintain Stock and Balance Ledger.
 Handling Purchase Invoice & Sale Invoice

Apr.2016 to till date	(At COCACOLA Depot)
Depot Manager , Lucknow

 Handling Direct and indirect Rout Opreation .
 One Direcet Depot handling with 6 rout salesmen .
 Responsible for revenue and profit generation through direct and indirect opration.
 Handling 1 Rural Devlepor and 5 market developers..

Accountabilities:  (Sales Accountabilities)
 Handling Indirect distribution,
 Achieving sec.& primary sales target for self and team.
	Developing sales plan
 sales promotion activities.
 Regularly monitoring sales and marketing activities to achieve sales target of the area assigned.

(Computer Accountabilities)
 Ms- Excel :- Advanced Formula, Tables & Formatting, Pivot tables & Pivot Reporting. Etc.
 Ms- Office :- PowerPoint, Microsoft Access, QuickBooks, Email, Web and Social Skills.
Graphic and Writing Skills.
 Tally, Busy All version.
 Adobe Photoshop, Corel Draw, Page Maker
 Basic knowledge of Computer Hardware

Scholastics

10th from ICSE Board in 2012
12th from UP Board in 2014
BSC from , Kanpur University in 2017

Personal Dossier
Father’s name      :       Sarwar Husain Date of Birth	: 29th May, 1995 Languages Known : English & Hindi
Address	:	H.No. 3 Nishatganj Lucknow,U.P. Marital status :		Married
Declaration
I hereby declare that the particulars mentioned above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date :..…/…..…/………..…

Place :…………….
(IMRAN HUSIAN)
