CURRICULUM VITAE
SHAILESH  KUMAR
Email- shailesh1995@yahoo.com
Phone: +918602037198

CAREER OBJECTIVE
To make a successful career by accepting different challenges and risks by employing my skills and abilities, while being innovative, resourceful and flexible.
RESPONSIBILTIES AND EXPERIENCE
	•	Working as Estimation & Design Engineer in Consilium SFS Fire and Security Solutions PVT LTD. which deals in fire fighting systems in power plants and other industrial plants in India & Overseas.
	•	The job profile mainly includes estimation of different packages related to Balance of plant Packages such as Fire Protection Package, Water Treatment Package & Circulating Water Package etc. after analyzing tender document and drawings.
	•	The job profile as Estimation Engineer includes the responsibility of making Techno commercial offers which starts from studying the technical specifications, getting clarifications from the client, identifying area of scope of work, making BOM/BOQ and doing Basic costings etc. This also includes taking quotations from sub-vendors, client interaction and proper follow up.
	•	Have quoted more than 50 packages of Fire Detection, Protection & Alarm System & other BOP packages.
	•	Having about 1 years of experience in AutoCAD designing.
	•	The job profile as Design Engineer includes the responsibility of designing the piping layout & G.A Dwgs, designing the various fire protection systems such as Hydrant System, Water Spray system, Sprinkler system, Foam and Gas based fire protection system, making design Philosophies and P & IDs, preparing data sheets, preparing bill of materials, making isometric drawings, visiting client site to understand the requirements for technical drawings, keeping the record of drawings and coordinating with other departments.
	•	Good knowledge of design codes such as TAC, OISD & NFPA.
	•	Knowledge of Fire Water Pump selection as per NFPA 20.
	•	Knowledge of Foam Protection system for storage tanks & chemical storage areas as per NFPA 11.
	•	Knowledge of Hydrant system, Water spray system & Sprinkler System.
	•	Knowledge of various gas flooding systems such as CO2 (NFPA 12) & IG 541(NFPA 2001).
	•	Knowledge of Tube based (Fire De-Tec) fire protection system with CO2, FM 200 & NOVEC. 
	•	Good knowledge of PIPENET – software for Hydrant & Spray System hydraulic calculation involved in fire protection.
	•	Training of AutoCAD from CADD Centre, Bhopal
	•	Have designed the fire protection system for 1x163 MW gas fired Combined Cycle Power Plant in Fenchuganj, Bangladesh.
	•	Have designed the fire protection system for (1x660 MW) Harduaganj Thermal power station.
	•	Have a good knowledge in Ms-Office, Excel, Power-point and Internet and other basic operations such as search engines, mail operation etc. 

PROFESSIONAL & ACADEMIC BACKGROUND
Degree
Institution
University/Board
YOP
Percentage/CGPA
B.E.
(Mechanical Engineering)
Bansal College of Engineering, Bhopal
RGPV, Bhopal
2016
7.83
10+2
A.N. College, Patna
BSEB, Patna
2012
79.6
10th
Govt. High School,Gopalganj, Bihar 
BSEB, Patna
2010
80.8

INDUSTRIAL TRAINING

Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd.(BHEL)
Bhopal (MP.)  (14-Days)
Shop: Steam and Water Turbine                                                                                                          Manufacturing

MAJOR PROJECT
TITLE: “Electricity Generation by Gym Cycle”.
EXTRA AND CO-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
	
	•	Was active member of cultural events organizing committee at school.
	•	Volunteered mock tests & interviews in college.
	•	Participated in Tech-Manthan 2014 in chess & Auto-CAD competition.

PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth
:
2nd November 1995.
Father’s Name
:
Mr. Ram Naresh Yadav.
Languages 
Known
:
English & Hindi.
Hobbies
:
Playing cricket & Chess, Reading newspaper, listening songs.
Strengths

:
Possess good organizing abilities with positive and winning attitude. Honest hardworking committed individual.
Current Salary
:
INR 2.16 Lacs per annum.
Expected Salary (Negotiable)
:
INR 3.0 - 4.0 Lacs per annum (For Indian jobs ) &
INR 8.4-12.0 Lacs per annum (For International jobs)
Preferred Location 	
:
Anywhere around the globe given the good working conditions.
Total experience
:
1 year 3 months
Passport status
:
Possessing Valid Passport.
Reference
:
References are available upon request.

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that all the details furnished here are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 

Date : 15.01.2018                                                                                                     Shailesh Kumar 
