M.SYED MEERAN
Plot no 240,PG Nager,
Olaiur main road,Near E.B colony TRICHY-620021
Syedmeeraneee@gmail.com	Mobile: 9003687428


 CAREER OBJECTIVE:	
To pursue challenging career and to be part of a progressive reputed company.Enhance knowledge and skills to cope up with latest developments in the Technology with determination and dedication.


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:



Diploma engineering
Electrical and Electronics Engineering

2007

73.52
Distance of Technical Education
Seshasayee Institute of Technology.
Autonomous Trichy.

SSL C

Maths, Science

2004

92.06
TN
State Board
Infant Jesus high
school, Trichy.



CURRENT EMPLOYER:

Institution Name: M.A.M. School of Engineering. Designation : Electrical maintenance engineer Work Experience: From 3rd June 2011 to till date

    Hands on manufacture, maintenance, installation, service and repair to a varied range of diesel driven generating sets.
    Perform replacement on diagnosed faulty electrical elements of machine including motors, relays, and switches; and set-up sensing mechanism, utilizing hand tools
    Carry out diagnosis and correct or replace malfunctioning electronic units like the printed circuit boards
    Carry out diagnosis and ensure replacement of pneumatic, mechanical, hydraulic components of equipment and machines which are faulty
    May carry out assignments as electrician crane, time clock repairer, transformer coil winder, electrician rectifier, and maintenance salvage repairer; or function as underground repairer
Render assistance and manage contractors’ roles for electrical duties
Render assistance in administration and regulation of the duties of junior technicians Organize safe maintenance principles for regulating and scheduling breakdowns.


EXPERIENCE:


   Worked in Gabriel india (P) Ltd, Pune as a Supervisor –Trainee for a period of 2007- 2008.
Worked in MORE supermarket, Trichy as a supervisor from 2008 to 2011.



AREAS OF INTEREST:


Electrical installation Electrical supervisor Electrical maintenance


PROJECT DETAILS:


Title	: solar charging in the cell phone using one rupee coin.
Team size	4
Duration	: 6 months





TECHNICAL EXPERTISE:



Software Expertise
Autocad,Matlab and Simulink
Computer Knowledge(with certificate)
Hardware & Networking ,Windows 2003.linux






PERSONAL SKILLS:


 Optimistic nature. Hard working.
Willingness to learn.

PERSONAL DETAILS:


Name of father	: Mr. N.MOHAMED ISMAIL Date of birth	: July 14, 1989
Languages known	: English, Tamil, and Hindi Marital status	: Married


I hereby Declare that the above information given are true to my knowledge.










Faithfully,
DATE : 5/5/2016
PLACE: Trichy	(M.Syed Meeran)
