Mohammed Fazil.F.M

Phone: +91 9600143842
Email:mohammed.umar.fazil@gmail.com



Summary:

Result oriented Professional with 5 years’ experience in Engineering and Project Management. Capable of Handling multi crore Project. Proficient in developing various quantitative analyses for the project in line with time, cost and scope. Adept at installation and commissioning methodology for quality and planned output to do the timely completion. A keen planner and strategist with skills in troubleshooting and team building capability.

Objective:

Intent to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential, willing to work as a key player in challenging and creative environment.

Experience:
	Company 		 	:	ETA Engineering Pvt. Ltd.,
	Years of Experience		:	5 Years
	Position			 	:	Project Engineer(Electrical).

Job Skills :
	•	Study the site as per the drawing and finalize the material requirement with Associates and prepare the indent.
	•	Assign appropriate task for sub-ordinates and sub-contractors
	•	Collaborate with client and get the clearance as per schedule.
	•	Coordinate with other agencies to tackle issues at the site.
	•	Review the project as per schedule.
	•	Maintain proper installation and commissioning documents.
	•	Prepare the periodic running bill: verify the bill with client and follow up for payment collection.
	•	Prepare as-built drawings.
	•	Successful handing  over the project with all required documents.
[Operation, Project Planning & Management, Quality Management, Installation, Testing activities and Co-ordinating Commissioning.]
Extra Activities :
	•	Knowledge in HVAC field 
	•	Tendering & contracting.
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS

 PROJECTS HANDLED

	Project 		:	Chennai Metro Rail Limited
	Duration		:	JUNE 2015 - NOV 2016
	Designation		:	Project Engineer(Electrical/HVAC) 	
	Project		:	PRANNA RESORT
	Duration		:	SEPT 2014 - MAY 2015
           Designation		:	Project Engineer.
	Project		:	Bosch Siemens House Hold Appliance
	Duration		:	FEB 2014 - AUG 2014.
	Designation		:	Project Engineer.
	Project		:	Prestige Forum Mall.
	Duration		:	JAN 2013 – FEB 2014.
	Designation		:	Project Engineer.
	Project		:	DAIMLER INDIA COMMERCIAL VEHICLE PRIVATE  
                                                       LIMITED.
	Duration		:	NOV 2011-DEC 2012
	Designation		:	Project Engineer.
	Project		:	NEMAK ALUMINIUM CASTING (FORD)
	Duration		:	JUL 2011- OCT 2011
	Designation		: 	GET


ACADEMIC PROFILE:

   Degree 		: 	B.E (Electrical & Electronics Engineering)
   Completed		:	2011
   College		:	B.S.A. Crescent Engineering College. (Anna University)
   Degree 		: 	Diploma (Electrical & Electronics Engineering)
   Completed		:	2008
   College		:	Bharath Polytechnic College ( DOTE Govt. of Tamilnadu)

ComputerSkills

	•	Microsoft PC & Office: Very familiar with Microsoft PC operating system and Microsoft Office tools
	•	Citrix xen app – ERP System
	•	Auto cad: Preliminary knowledge of  engineering design using auto cad 

Personal Profile :
Date of Birth			:	19/03/1988
Age				:	28 Years
Nationality			:	Indian
Address			:	No:20/14-A, Sundaram Colony 2nd Main Road, 
					Camp Road, Chennai-73.
Languages Known		:	English, Tamil & Urdu.
Total Experience		:	5 Years
Passport No.			:	K0360288
Current Location		:	Chennai (India)
Health Issues			:	No
Marital Status			: 	Married
Mobile No.			:  	+91 9600143842.
Declaration :
I hereby confirm that the above information in this document is true to the best of my Knowledge

(Mohammed Fazil)
