Gurinder Singh
 Plumber Foreman
AREAS OF EXPERTISE Domestic Plumbing  
New installations   
Solar Heating  
Water piping systems  
Sanitary systems  Welding  
Preparing budgets  
Health & safety

PERSONAL SKILLS 
Team building  
Negotiating skills  
Customer service

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS   
10th in 2001 PSEB.
12th in 2003 PSEB.
Graduation from Gov Mohindra College Patiala 2007.
Plumber Diploma in July 2012 National Trade course.

Other Qualification
Knowledge of computer, Typing, MS dos, Excel, and Note book, Word pad, Power point & Basic.

Hobbies
Reading Books, workout in Gym, and Traveling

PERSONAL DETAILS  
Gurinder Singh S/o.Janak Singh.
Mother: Darshan kaur.
Marital status: Married 
DOB: 13-july-1985.
Contact:+919855168786
Email-Garry_allana@yahoo.co.in.
Holder of Indian union driver License LMV Cab
Nationality: Indian
PERSONAL SUMMARY  
Experienced plumber with considerable knowledge and expertise of providing advice and plumbing solutions to customers. Having a proven ability to read blueprints, drawings and specifications to determine a client’s requirement, and to then install and service plumbing systems, fixtures, piping equipment and controls. Able to work in cooperation with other trades and laborers and having an understanding of relevant building codes, legislation, regulations. Ready and qualified for the next stage in a successful career. Currently looking for a suitable plumbing position with a ambitious company.
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Building Contractors – Coventry   PLUMBER       July 2012 to June 2014 licensee approved plumber in Improvement Trust Patiala, Present Responsible for install, repair and maintain plumbing systems and fixtures in residential, commercial, institutional, industrial or public buildings. Ensuring were possible work is completed on the first visit and to the appropriate service
Duties:   
	•	Installation and maintenance of domestic hot and cold water systems.    
	•	Finding the route cause of a wet plumbing problem and fixing it.    
	•	Solvent welding of ABS and PVC pipe work.    
	•	Completing installation reports, service sheets and other administrative records.   
	•	Installing copper and iron pipe work linking boilers & heat exchangers.    
	•	Servicing gas boilers and carrying out gas repairs.   
	•	Cutting openings in structures to accommodate pipes and pipe fittings.   
	•	Measuring, cutting, threading, and bending pipes to required lengths and angles.   
	•	 Installing & maintaining under-floor heating systems & controls.   

	•	Refurbishment work to bathrooms and kitchens.



KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES 
Excellent client facing and communication skill. Physically fit and able to work in difficult and awkward buildings. Understanding of running pipe work in both ABS and PVC.

Gurinder Singh
Place...............



