
RESUME

 Name : H. B. Sadik Sheriff
Contact Number : 00966 50 541 8082 E-Mail : sadikidash@gmail.com
Skype : sadiksheriff32


Objectives

To be part of a progressive organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge, skills, confidence and to achieve the goals while being resourceful innovation with the combination of honesty, sincerity and hard work. More over to move along with a team destined for success and happiness.
Education

June 2007            Diploma in Fire and Safety Engineering, IIPHS Institute of
                            Fire and Safety Management, Pudukkottai, Tamil Nadu

April 2017           Bachelor of Business Administration, Annamalai University,
                           Chidambaram, Tamil Nadu, India.                                                        
                           
experience

FET/ERO II | King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre.
July 2017 – Present.

Conducts and assists in the investigation of accidents, occupational injuries, and fire incidents. Develops conducts fire and safety surveys to all Hospital facilities.

Supervising and assisting in providing high-quality advice based on safety loss prevention, occupational health and fire prevention/protection regulations, standards, codes and safe working practices.

Inspects and evaluates the operational readiness of the fire detection, fire protection, and suppression systems. Respond to all incidents, fire calls, and emergencies. 

Monitor regulatory labeling for various types of hazardous materials. Monitor and assists with Hospital work permits. 

Liaisons with other departments to determine hazards related to things such as unsafe acts and conditions, toxic and electrical hazards. Ensures required reports and follow-up actions are prepared. 

Supervises and participates in the training of subordinates and the determination of training development needs. Scheduling, supervise, conducts, evaluates and participates in fire drills, and other Hospital.

Fire Fighter | Mowasalat Transport Company.
Dec 2014 – May 2017.
Checking and maintaining vehicles, equipment, hydrants and water supplies.

Using sophisticated firefighting and rescue equipment.

Promoting fire safety via talks, advice and training sessions.

Inspecting and enforcing safety standards in commercial and residential properties.

Demonstrating the use of firefighting equipment.

Performing practice drills and undertaking physical and academic training.


Safety Officer | Annapoona Solvent and Oil plant.
Jan 2009 - March 2010.

Complete forms and reports required of the assigned position and send material through supervisor to Documentation Unit.

Participate in planning meetings to identify any health and safety concerns inherent in the operations daily work plan.

Ensure workers are safely monitored by use of passive dosimeters.

Deploy on scene immediately and report back to Safety Manager.
cERTIFICATION

	•	Diploma in Computer Application, SRM InfoTech, Panruti, 
	•	Tamil Nadu
	•	Fire, Safety & Disaster Operations, KFSH&RC, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia

PERSONAL skills
 Volley Ball senior level at John Dewey School, Panruti, India.  Kho-Kho winner team, senior level at John Dewey School, Panruti, India.
Certificate for Science Talent at school level.
Dedicated to work, good communication skills, ability to deal with people diplomatically, willingness to learn facilitator hard worker.
PERSONAL PROFILE

Name                    :  H.B.SADIK SHERIFF
Marital Status         :  Single
Nationality             :  Indian
Passport Number     :  H3199206



Yours Faithfully
H.B.SADIK SHERIFF

Yours Faithfully
H.B.SADIK SHERIFF


