CURRICULAM VITAE              

          
	                       	

                                                                                                                                        
 AKHLAKUR RAHMAN
Vill-Sareyan, p.o+p.s-Basantpur,                                    
Dist-Siwan,Bihar-841406                                                              Email:akhlak07827@gmail.com                 
mobile:+917827830774
             +917070669464				           	 
                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Career objective: 
To pursue a challenging career and be a part of a progressive organization that gives scope to enhance my knowledge and skills in Electrical Engineering and allied area and will do my best to bring the organization to new heights and success.
Working Experience: 
In India for 4.6 year as a Electrical site Engineer.
Experience Summary :

(1)  Site Engineer:
          
            Company : HPL Electric & Power Ltd .
            Client        : PTCUL (UTTRAKHAND)
 Job Title   : Site Engineer
 Period       : July 2012 to August  2014
2)  Site Engineer:

    Company  : Vijay Electricals  Ltd .
    Client        : NBPDC (BIHAR).
    Job Title   : Site Engineer
    Period      :  September 2014 to Till Date

JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
	•	Good understanding of Electrical Drawings, Planning of Projects, Erection & Maintenance. 
	•	Both practical as well as theoretical knowledge of Different Electrical Instruments.
	•	Troubleshoot on electrical systems/equipment.
	•	Customer interaction skills, presentation skills.
	•	Checking and calibrating instruments to make sure they are accurate.
	•	Install lighting, electrical outlets, and circuit breakers.
	•	Replace faulty circuit breakers, fuses, switches, electrical and electronic components, or wire.
	•	Assemble, install, test, and maintain electrical or electronic wiring, equipment, appliances, apparatus, and fixtures, using hand tools and power tools.
	•	Diagnose malfunctioning systems, apparatus, and components, using test equipment and hand tools, to locate the cause of a breakdown and correct the problem.
	•	Connect wires to circuit breakers, transformers, or other components.
	•	Test electrical systems and continuity of circuits in electrical wiring, equipment, and fixtures, using testing devices such as ohmmeters, voltmeters, and oscilloscopes, to ensure compatibility and safety of system.
Project details:
B.TECH
Title: PWM Control of ac induction motor

DISCRIPTION:- This project attempts a new speed control technique for the single-phase ac induction motor. It presents a design of a low-cost; high-efficiency drive capable of supplying a single-phase a.c induction motor with a PWM modulated sinusoidal voltage . The circuit operation is controlled by an microcontroller. The device is aimed at substituting the commonly used triac phase angle control drives.
The drive uses a PWM controlled MOSFET and the load in series with a bridge rectifier. This drive based on this new control technique is targeted for use in consumer and industrial products: washing machine, dishwashers, ventilators, compressors, and wherever the system cost is a consideration.
Industrial Training: 
	•	45 days Summer Training from N.T.P.C.(National Thermal Power corporation ltd.),Badarpur,New Delhi_110044.
	•	N.T.P.C. is a govt. of india enterprises.
	•	From 15/06/10 to 20/07/10.
Trained here as:
	•	Site Engg(Electrical)
	•	Gets skills about substation installation of  400/220kV.
         Various transmission knowledge

Technical skills:
	•	Languages: C
	•	Knowledge of MS Project
	•	Matlab Simulation

Professional Qualification:     
Exam Details
College/University
Year Of Passing
division
 
B.TECH(EEE ENGG)

M.D.U(HARYANA)

2012

1st 



Academic Qualification:   
              
Exam Details
College/University
Year Of Passing
Divison
Intermediate
B.S.E.B PATNA
2007
2nd 
Matriculation
B.S.E.B PATNA
2005
2nd 

Passport Details:
Passport No.
Date of issue
Place of issue
Date of Expiry
M8780042
24/04/2015
PATNA
23/04/2025

Achievement: 
	•	3rd  rank in 5th &6th  semester in B.TECH
	•	1st  rank in 7th & 8th  semester in B.TECH

Special skills :                                                                                                                                                                                         Operating system                                                      window XP/2007  &Windows 8  & 10                                                                               Word processing                                                        MS- office                                                           


Professional Strength:                                                                                                                                                         
Always recognized for outstanding work ethics, integrity, thoroughness and Commitment to organizations benefit. I am expert in getting the work done through cooperation in all kind of situations
Hobbies:
	•	Playing cricket and reading books,                                                    

Personal details:
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Father’s name                      : MOTIUR  RAHMAN                                                                                                                              D.O.B                                  : 4th  jan. 1990                                                                                                                                                                                       Sex                                      :  Male                                                                                                                                                      Marital status                      :  single                                                                                                                                                                                              Nationality                          :  Indian  
                                                                                                                                                         


Declarations:                                                                                                                                                                                                                        I hereby declare that above mention’s information is true to best of my knowledge and belief.                                                                                                                                                            
Date:                                                                                                         your  sincerely                                                                                   Place:                                                                                                  AKHLAKUR RAHMAN

