
Resume
	
MOHAMMED OBAIDUR RAHMAN 
E-mail id: morahman92@hotmail.com 
Mobile No: +91 9934953806 / 8210933267	
Skype ID: pappuobaid	



Job Summary:
I have work experience as Executive Site Engineer/ Billing Supervisor in the Building Construction for Oil & Gas Petrochemical and Refinery Company, Up Gradation of Oily, Power Plant, Waste water and Drinking Water Treatment Plant, Road, LNG Pipe line, High Raise Buildings and other Industrial Projects in KSA, Kuwait, UAE, West Africa and India.
Total Experience: Over 10 Years Working Experience. 5 years 11 month in Oil & Gas Company and 4 Years in Building Construction & Maintenance Company. (India -1 Years ~ Total Gulf- 9 Years) 
Professional Qualification:-
02 Nov. 2017 to 09 Jan. 2018
   FOR SHUTDOWN PROJECT
Civil Construction Supervisor ~ Company Brunel Energy
EQUATE Petrochemical Co. KUWAIT 
Project: Central Control Building (Expansion)
Construction Work Package-2 
05 Jan. 2017 to 25 Oct. 2017
Civil Site Engineer
BST Engineering & Construction Co. Ltd.
Project: TATA Housing board, Jamsed pur, Jharkhand, India
22 Aug. 2014 to 30 Nov. 2016
Civil Construction Supervisor
Samsung Engineering Co. Ltd. KSA
Project: SWCC, Yanbu Power Plant KSA, HFO Tank, LFO Tank, Tank Foundation, Tank Dike Wall, Pipe Sleeper, Pipe Rack Foundation, Pipe trench Foundation and Excavation and back filling, Forwarding Pump House, Switchgear Building, Metering Station Grouting and Surface preparation Road and Subway.

22 Aug. 2014 to 22 Sep. 2015 Civil Construction Supervisor
Project: SAUDI ARAMCO Riyadh Refinery Clean Transportation Fuel, Working Pipe rack Foundation, LNG Pipe Line, Pipe sleeper, Equipment & Reactor Foundation, Substation & Tank Foundation and Dike wall, Electrical Duck Bank, Man hole Road works (Aramco Permit Received)
02 May 2013 to 22 May 2014
Civil Supervisor
Samsung Engineering Co. Ltd. UAE
Project: TKREER, CBDC, Ruwais, Abu Dhabi. UAE
Worked in Stone Column and Bared Piles worked & Sump Pit, Pipe rack Foundation, Pipe sleeper Reactor and Equipment Foundation Electrical & Instrument Duct Bank, Catch Basin Valve Box Manhole TAKRRER & CBDC Road worked Paving worked.  
16 Oct. 2011 to 11 Jan. 2013
     
Civil Site Engineer
CSL Group SENEGAL (Guinee Conakary) West Africa
Project: CIMAF Cement Plant (POLIYSIUS ThyssenKrupp) Working as Stockag Clinkar, Hopper Loading, Belt Convoyer, Hopper building, Boll mail, Boll mail building, and Cement cello.
25 May 2010 to 26 July 2011
Civil Engineer
ETA ASCON (Associated Construction & Investment Co.LLC.)
Construction Project: Oil & Gas ADNOC Ruwais- Abu Dhabi. Staff Marriage Accommodation Package-VI, Certificate of Appreciation (Outstanding Safety Performance with Gold Coin Award.) 



12 Mar. 2008 to 27 Mar. 2010
Civil Site Engineer
Youssef Marroun Contracting Est. Riyadh, Jeddah.
	•	Project: Saudi Aramco. Rabic Petroleum  Construction & Maintenance worked (King Fahad Palace, South Obur, Jeddah and Al-Hawaeya Palace, Tabukh, Makkah Palace , Makkah, Dar Al Tohed Hotel)
	•	Safety Responsibilities :
	•	Conducts Periodically Tool Box Meeting. Keep all safety Records. Assure work permit wear in place in permit to work/ restricted areas before any work start and make sure all precaution were implemented follow ensuring that Lawful prevention. Implement JOB HAZARD ANALYSIS safety precaution.
	•	Duties Job Description and Responsibility:
	•	Study and Review of drawings, Calculating Materials and Labour cost, Planning and Scheduling Submission of materiel approval, Measuring safety, labours allocation and Preparation of daily progress report to submit Project Engineer/Chief Engineer, Submit the work up date report to Superior level and I also have Good knowledge in HSC job Safety.
	•	Productivity measurement, Cost of control, ITR Summiting, Communicate and Co-ordinate with other staff and peoples, and I have good knowledge of structural and water proof finishing work. 
	•	I have working experience structural work in beams, column, slab, stair, walls, and non structural work in beams, columns screed blinding lintels in steel erection, reinforcement work. Also I have working experience in shattering work in column beam slab and staircase shuttering work concrete dimensions layout work, stemmed of concert and concrete poring work and water curing with hessian cloth covered by polyethylene sheets etc.
	•	Finishing Construction and Maintenance Worked:
	•	AAC block work Concrete block work Marking the block work layouts at site and preparation for plaster work and internal and external fixating the batten mark and door window sub frame fixing work Making the one grope of plaster work get the work done as per instruction received from the concerned project engineer To maintain the labour track records to get the maximum accurate output and maintain the policy of team work. To work with all safety rules and regulation required for site like steel concrete, blocks, tiles door & window sub frame And water purifying material and arrange the  working tools masons carpenters  and steel fixtures Submitting daily progress report to Chief Engineer Bill Preparation & Checking. Estimate the Quantity of Materials Preparing Change Order for Additional Works. Rising requisitions for materials and man power as per the site requirement and schedule. Rising requisitions for materials and man power as per the site requirement and schedule. Strictly follow the safety Instructions in the work site. Painting of wall wooden Material Reconciliation on Monthly Basis.
	•	Working Knowledge & Abilities Oil And Gas :-
	•	I have many working experience from the Pipe rack foundation Pipe sleeper HFO & LFO Tank construction. Few background work experience help me in to build my carrier are mentions here. Study Structural drawing & Isometric, Section, and horizontal view drawing. ♦ Reading & understanding all approved construction drawings. ♦ Labour Management Skills. ♦ Preparation of lay out works. ♦ Preparation of bar bending Schedule. ♦ From work know ledge, include Perri, Dokka, Pascal & other general form works. ♦ Good knowledge & Experience in Structural Part. ♦ Good knowledge Experience in finishing Part Include, False Ceiling dry Wall Partition. ♦ Knowledge & Experience in concrete casting & other related works. ♦ Knowledge Experience, in external works such as Earth, Cut & Fill Excavations, for under ground utility Services, Roads Hard Scapping (Core Stone & Inter lock Paving) Soft Scapping. ♦ Knowledge & Experience in Scaffolding Works. ♦ Attends to project coordination meeting, discuss the action plans and control labour and materials. ♦ Prepares labour and material take-off. ♦ Initiates the preparation of R.C.(requisition slip) for materials and submit to Project in charge for checking. ♦ Monitors delivery of materials on site as compared to requisition. ♦ Frequent site inspection. ♦. ♦ To work with all rules and regulations. ♦ Setting of foundation as per approved drawings. ♦ Calculation of steel and courted required for the villa or building as per approved drawing. ♦ Form work for structure as per drawing. ♦ Block work set out and preparation for plaster work. ♦ Calculation of materials required for site like steel concrete, blocks, toilets and water proofing materials etc. ♦ Co-ordination between higher authorities and sub ordinates. ♦ Submitting daily progress report to Chief Engineer. 

	•	
	•	
	•	
	•	
	•	Technical Qualification:
	•	Diploma in Civil Engineering (3-Years course) From Government Naveen Polytechnic, Patna
	•	Auto-CAD (Drawing & Designing) from INDO DANISH TOOL ROOM Jamshed Pur, Jharkhand.
	•	Computer Skill:
	•	Auto-CAD 06/07/08 & 2009, MS Dos, Windows XP and Vista & 7 MS Office Photoshop, Page Maker.
	•	Educational Qualification:
	•	HSC (10+2, I.Com) Form Bihar Intermediate Education Council Patna, Bihar.
Personal Profile:
Name 	:     	Mohammed Obaidur Rahman  
Spouse’s name	:	Nagma Parween
Father’s name	:	Mohammed Nasir Alam Ansari
Mother’s name	:	Maimun Nesa
Date of Birth and Place	:	15-10-1985 ( Muzaffar pur, Bihar)
Nationality 	: 	Indian
Religion 	: 	Muslim (Islam)
Marital status	: 	Married
Languages Known	:	English, Arabic, Urdu, and Hindi
Passport Details : 		Passport No.	:	S-1377673 ( ECNR )
		Date of Issue	:	22 / 06 / 2018
		Date of Expiry	:	21 / 06 / 2028
		Place of Issue	:	Patna (Bihar)
Saudi Arabia Driving License:	D. License No	:	2371218591			
    				Date of Issue 	:	01 / 09 / 2016				
				Date of Expiry 	:	26 / 05 / 2026			
				Place of Issue 	:	Yanbu (Saudi Arabia)
India Driving License:	D. License No	:	BR-0620170176809
    				Date of Issue 	:	21/12/2016
				Date of Expiry 	:	31/05/2026	
				Place of Issue 	:	Muzaffar pur, Bihar INDIA
Permanent Address :	Mohd. Obaidur Rahman
		Village + Post - Parsuni nath, P/s - Baruraj
		Dist- Muzaffar pur, Bihar-843127 [India]
		Home Mobile No: +91-9931804393 / 8002958141
Present Address :	Mohd. Obaidur Rahman
		Sector 12 E, Koper Kharne, Navi Mumbai
		Maharashtra 400709 [India]
		Mobile No: +91-9934953806 / 8210933267 

     I do hereby declare that all the information and details given above are accurate and true to the best my knowledge. Give me a chance; I will be able to prove my mettle in the organization like yours.

Thanking You

Date: 22-02-2019                                                                                 … …………………………
Place: Navi Mumbai 400709                                                              Mohammad Obaidur Rahman
