CURRICULUM VITAE                                                            ASRAFALI.M (B.E. CIVIL ENGINEER)                                                     
Mobile No: +91- 8582946590
Email: aliasrafali@gmail.com  
Skype id : aliasrafali 
Career OBJECTIVES:-   
Seeking a challenging position in an organization where my personal talent is encouraged. I strongly believe in teamwork and wish always to be flexible and adaptive to change. I shall excel in my work when provided with pleasant and friendly work atmosphere, with all freedom to prove myself
 Career SUMMARY:-   
	Civil Professional with over 08years09months of highly successful and hardcore experience in Construction field as Site Engineer.  (From June 2009 to till date)

Professional Experience:
1)From: May 2016 to till date 
Main Contractor : Simplex Infrastructure pvt ltd
Clint : Govt of WB Hidco
Project : Commercial  Building G+12,With Pile Foundaion
Location : Kolkatta  India
Designation : Site Engineer
Responsebility:OverallExecute building, level Marking,and Sub contractor Billing work,Maitainance 
2) From: March 2015 to March 2016 
Main Contractor : Water Technology System (W.T.S)
Clint : National Water Company             
Project : Laying of water pipe line supply and with pump station
Location : Saudi Arabia , Riyadh  
Designation : Site Engineer
Responsebility: site excavation trench level and R.c.c pump station work
3) From: March 2013 to December 2014
   Main Contractor: East Coast Construction & Industries Ltd
   Clint : TATA Power Group
   Project : Bhubaneswar Thermal Power Plant
   Designation: Site Engineer
   Responsibilities: Site Execution,Foundation basement work
4) From: April 2011 to March 2013
    Main Contractor: East Coast Construction & Industries Ltd 
   Project: Construction of vocational training institute storied building G+8
   Clint :Govt of W.B HIDCO
   Designation: Junior Site Engineer
  Responsibilities: Site Execution ,Structure,Finishing work, Pile Foundation
5) From :Januvary 2010 to March 2011 
   Main Contractor :East Coast Construction& Industries Ltd
   Project : Under Ground Drainage System
   Clint :State of Govt of Pwd Orissa
   Designation : Grauate Trainee Engineer
   Responsibilities:Laying of Pipe ,Excavation Level work,Supervising work
6) From: June 2009 to December 2009         
   Main Contractor: Vishal Infrastructure Pvt Ltd.
  Client :Airport Authority of India (AAI)
  Project: International Airport runway extending work at Kolkata 
  Designation: Junior Engineer 
  Responsibilities:Material Testing,Concrete Batching Plant Quality Control
Responsibilities: 
To carry out the work as per drawing and specification. 
Successfully carried out the work with time and Quality. 
Successfully implementing company Quality Management Systems 
Carrying out Site Inspections of structural and architectural works to specification. 
To ensure that proper methodology and instructions are followed in various execution activities. 
To impart training related to various site activities and successfully co-ordinate the same. 
Helping out in Execution works which include formwork, shuttering and reinforcement. 
Prepare daily progress and submit to planning team. 
Maintaining complete records of work done at site 
Co-ordination with planning and billing team for successfully carry out the project. 
To plan the work to be done and organize things so that deadlines are met 
To watch and inspect the construction and assure that it is done in full accordance with the plans and specifications. 
Review and approve Shop Drawings of equipment to be installed to assure the equipment meets or exceeds the specifications (often done with the Project Engineer). 
Meet with the General Contractor to keep the project on time and on budget. 
Execution teams are the part of the site management team, and takes some of the responsibility for security, health and safety, and organizing and supervising materials and people 
Site Execution Key Skills: 
Hardworking, Innovative, Creative, Good Leadership Quality, Teamwork, and ability to achieve Targets in stipulated period of time 
Using my technical and management skills, knowledge of construction methods & equipment, along with Principles of financial, planning and managing, ability to turn the design of other engineers into successful Projects with utmost care in Quality and Safety Aspects. 
Technical Education Background:
1)  Technical Board of Education Tamil Nadu
 Diploma of Civil Engineering Year of Passing 2006
 Marks of Percentage 80%(1st Class)With Honours
         2) Anna  University of  Chennai
Bachelor of Civil Engineering Year of Passing 2009
Marks of Percentage 64% (First Class) 
10th school level  75%
Area of Interest: 
Site Execution, Quality Control,Levelling work

PERSONAL DETAILS

 Name                                                            :  M.Asraf Ali         
Father Name 				:  R. Mubarak Ali
Date of Birth 				:  03.11.1985
Nationality				:  Indian
Religion 				:  Muslim
Martial Status			               :  Married
Permanent Address			:  40, Railway Road Aduthurai,
  Pin 612101 Tanjore districk, Tamil Nadu
Educational Qualifications                        : UG Degree
Technical Qualifications		: BE civil Engineer, Diploma civil Engineer.
Passport No.		:  M2727100
Date of Issue	               :  14th October, 2014
Date of Expiry		:  13th October, 2024
Languages Known		:  English, Hindi, Tamil, and Bengali.
Computer Proficiency                                : Ms –office , Ms – word & Auto CAD
Driving License                                  : Saudi Arabia valid (19/06/2020)

DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above information’s given by me are true to my knowledge and belief.

Place: Chennai
Tamil Nadu
India		  	                                                               
                                                                                                                                                            Yours faithfully,
	
Date:	(Asraf Ali .M)  
 
