Curriculum Vitae

Name: Athar Jameel Mohammad Usman
India Mobile No.+919665574717
Skyp ID:athar20122
Email ID: atharjameel@rediffmail.com
Current Address:
AL Haafiz DTP
Markaz Masjid Shop No.25,
Maulvi Ganj, Dhulia-Maharashtra-India
To strive for excellence and develop myself into a top notch professional by working in a dynamic learning environment, so as to contribute wholly to the organization.
Education & Certification:
Academic Education
University
Year of Passing
Percentage
High Secondary Vocational Course
Shri Chatrapati Shivaji Junior College
2010
41.83%
Secondary School Certificate
Shri Chatrapati Shivaji Junior College
2009
46.00%
Driving License:
01.	United Arab Emirates:
Light Motor Vehicle	Leaning No.12860116 (Under RTA Test Process -3)
02.	India:
Light Motor Vehicle	Valid: 06/05/2022
Computer Skills:
Corel Draw, Photo Shop, MS-Office, Page Maker, Inpage (Urdu/Arabic Software), English-Arabic-Hindi-Marathi-Urdu Typist.
Total Experience:
Dubai						United Arab Emirates			03-Years
Madina AL Munawwara				Saudi Arabia				06-Month
Dhule-Maharashtra				India					05-Years
Habtoor Leighton LLC Dubai. 					United Arab Emirates			3-Years 
Designation: Office Clerk, Arabic-English Typist, Data Entry Operator.
Job Profile:
Online Emirates Identity Authority Related Works.
Online processing and uploading of application to Emirates Authority Identity related works new and renewal employment contract scanning in Emirates Authority directly.
Collect, verify and collate all required documents for Emirates ID fresh application / renewal of employees and family members under their sponsorship.
Arrange the appointments for Biometric scanning in coordination with HR/EID team and different camps & sites. Check all SMS received from EID authority, follow up EID status and answer queries from employee helpdesks. 
Maintain daily summary of EID applications processed and submitted for keeping track of them.   File / maintain all records related with EID processing (paper & electronic copies) and send copy documents to employee files. 
Attend the EID processing work at Taheed typing Centre, arrange all supporting documents and approvals, maintain updated file of documents and collect back passports and other documents. 
Maintain the current account at the typing center, make necessary remittances and file documents.
Maintain the electronic copies of all EIDs, ensure linkage to the passports, safe storage and easy retrieval for distribution / processing.
Receive EIDs from the department, sort and distribute them to different locations and return wrong receipts. Assist the Emirates ID team for any other requirement related with application processing.   
Labour & Immigration.
1. Coordinating with all Lab. & Immg.  Data Entry Operator. 2. New employment visa: Coordinating with PRO Group Government Affairs Manager in order to process online new employment visa and renewal.  3. Online New & Renewal Residence visa: Coordinating with PRO Officers to new and renewal residence visa process. 4. New and Renewal Work permit: Coordinating with Data Team for renewal and follow up work permit process and editing contracts.  5. Tasheel Services: Following up Tasheel services scanning documents online for the labour office. 6. Coordinating with HR internal auditor & accounts to arrange the money for online payments.  7. Coordinating with Bank for online transaction Labour and Immigration Department.
Online Labour Office Related Works.)
Saudi Bin Laden Group 					Saudi Arabia			             6-Month
Designation: Office Clerk.
Job Profile:
Collect, count, and disburse money, do basic bookkeeping and complete banking Transactions Communicate with customers.
AL-Haafiz DTP (Desktop Publishing)			India					2-Years
Designation: Public Sector Work.
Job Profile:
DTP(Desktop Publishing), Computer Operator, Urdu, Arabic, English, Hindi, Marathi Typist with setting, Public Sector Printing Job, Visiting Card, Wedding Card, Digital Board, Letter Paid, Bill and Graphic Designing. Public Sector Working.
Holy Quran Book typing in Hindi Language, Haj Pilgrim Booklet typing with setting in Hindi Language, Zarbe Sang Trash Book typing with setting in Urdu Language, Surah Fatiha Ki Tafseer Book typing with setting in Marathi Language, Naamaz Book typing with setting in Urdu Language, Six Sifat Booklet typing with setting in Urdu/Hindi Language, MidDay Inquilab News Paper (Mumbai) Urdu Typing under corresponding for City, Islamic University, School/ College Exam Paper Typing and Setting (English, Algebra, Geometry, Maths, Science, Geography etc. subjects for all standards),Government School, College Scholarship Scheme Online Form Fill up, Public Sector Working (Graphic Design, Desktop Publishing, Printing).
Siddhivinayak Fright Pvt. Ltd.				India					1-Year
Designation: Date Entry Operator.
Job Profile:
Utilizes computerized data entry equipment and various word processing, spreadsheet and file maintenance programs to enter, store and/or retrieve information as requested or otherwise necessary, and summarizes data in preparation of standardized reports. 
Minority Welfare Organization				India					 1-Year
Designation: Follow up Clerk-Typist.
Job Profile:
Compile, copy, sort, and file records of office activities, business transactions, and other activities. Complete and mail bills, contracts, policies, invoices, or checks.
Operate office machines, such as photocopiers and scanners, facsimile machines, voice mail systems and personal computers.
Dhulia Peoples Urdu News Paper 			India					  1-Year
Designation: Follow up Clerk-Typist.
Job Profile:
Urdu, Hindi, Marathi, English, Arabic Typist and News Paper Setting.
Passport Details:
	Passport Number      	:	L4814011
	Issue Date		:	20/09/2013
	Expiry Date		:	19/09/2023
	Place of Issue		:	Thane
	Nationality		:	Indian
	Religion			:	Islam
	Date of birth		:	02/01/1980
	Marital Status   		:            	Married
	Children			:	03
Declaration:
	This is certified that, what is stated above is true & supported with certificates.
Place:	Dhule-Maharashtra-India.

									(Athar Jameel Mohammad Usman)
