Curriculum vitae
Harshil N. Shah                                                           harshil_shah_hs@yahoo.com
B.E. Mechanical			 		         Contact No. : 9428409159

Career  Objective:
Looking for a challenging career where I can prove my best of knowledge and professional skills and help me in broadening and enhancing my current knowledge and skills.

Education Detail:

Degree
Institute
Board/University
Year of passing
Percentage
B.E. in Mechanical Engineering

Saurashtra University
C. U. Shah College of Engineering and Technology.
2012
60%
H.S.C
Gujarat Board
Jivanbharti Pravrutti Vidhyalaya
2007
51%
S.S.C
Gujarat Board
Jivanbharti Pravrutti Vidhyalaya
2005
69%

Computer Skills: -  	  AutoCAD (2d and 3d), Microsoft Project, Microsoft Office,                   			   	  Concerto, BAAN, PLM, Realization etc.
Hobbies: -  	 	  Reading Books, Writing Stories, Dancing, Puzzling, Sports     
Strength: - 	       	  Hard Working, Like changes and challenges,
  Helpful nature, Flexibility.    
Languages Known: - 	  English, Hindi, Gujarati

Work Experience:-
I have 2.6 years experience in core mechanical field.
Experience details are:
1) Currently working as a “Planning engineer” at Hi-Tech Applicator since February ‘14 to till date.  (Hi-Tech makes TEFLON lined piping and all types of lined valves)
Roles and responsibilities:
1. Study pipelining drawings and preparing BOM.
 2. Preparing “Kick off” meetings
	 3. Ordering requirement of materials.
  	 4. Preparation and provision of specification sheets and job card.
	 5. Follow-up of ordered materials.
	 6. Deciding priorities and urgencies by communicating with customers.
            7. Planning for production processes and loading different shops according to
     Previous loads and capacity.
	 8. Studding pipelining codes and getting information from ASME standards in
                different cases.
 9. Deciding lining materials and thickness according to piping standards and 
     requirements.
10. Preparing closing meetings and “Manthan” for individual project.  
      And many more.
 2) I have worked as a “Planning engineer” at L&T Heavy engineering, Hazira for one year.
Roles and responsibilities:
1. Study of pressure vessels drawings with planning team.
	 2. Weld kg. calculating and estimation.
	 3. Preparing plate cutting layout and ordering.
	 4. Preparing activity break up for vessel.
	 5. Designing fixture if any required.
            6. Preparing MS-Project file and scheduling.
	 7. Preparing Heat-treatment summery.
	 8. Preparation of tank rotator plans, locking cleats plan, sub-contraction plan,
               Dimension data capturing plan, handling plans, ball fixture / positionar plan. 
	 9. Planning and preparing for hydro test and PWHT plans.
           10. Arranging meetings.
      And many more.
3) I have worked as a “Planning engineer” at Micro Engineers for 6 months training + 8 months

Current Salary: - 19,000/pm.
Expected Salary: - 27,000/pm.

PERSONAL  PARTICULARS:

Address


201-Ashray Park apt, Nr. Bhagwati apt,
Ambikaniketan Road,
Athwalines,
Surat.
PIN- 395007.
Date of Birth:
16th December 1989
Mobile No:
9428409159
Email Id:
harshil_shah_hs@yahoo.com

DECLARATION: 
I hereby do solemnly affirm that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge.




									

