                         Application                                                   

R/Sir,

                     Currently, I am working in M/s Arvind Mill Ahmedabad as a knitting Manufacturing  manager. Where my responsibilities includes to Production Operation with quality parameter against customer requirement, but I would like to change my job in order to gain additional experience as to my general preparedness. My resume has been enclosed herewith for your kind consideration.
                     I hope you will provide me this opportunity to prove my worth and efficiency.


                                                                                               Thanking you
                                                                                               Sumit Thakur
      
                                     
                                      RESUME
 
  SUMIT THAKUR
 Vaibhavi infrastructure D-401 Vishvas city -9  NR Simandhar status VILL:  gota (gseb) tal: daskori distt:Ahmedabad 380001.
  E-mail ID: samthakur1991786@gmail.com
   MOB.NO--+918263945440,+917016624374

 
Career Objective-
To work in an environment, where I can put my ideas to actual implementation & one   that allows growth and is equally rewarding with a versatile job profile              
Encompassing areas like   Production and Maintenance. 


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION




Qualification
Board/University
Name of
Year of Passing
%age



Institution















B. Tech
   HIMTU
 J.N.G.E.C , SUNDERNAGAR
May,2015
65.4



















XIIth
H.P BOARD
BLUE STAR Sen Sec.
2010
61



School,HAMIRPUR















Xth
H.P BOARD
ADARSH SHISHU Sen.
2008
68



Sec. School,HAMIRPUR
















Work Experience-
Total Experience 3 year  in textile platform.

Currently Working in M/s. Arvind Mill as a Knitting Manufacturing Manager since Aug 2015 to till date)

Previously Worked in M/s. Fashion gauge knitwear Industries . as a  Production and quality control Dept (knitting    division) .

 Jobs title history. Profile & Responsibility-


	•	Get production plan from PPC Dept and review the plan according to knit m/c assignment, yarn availability and no. of day to knit the fabric.
	•	Review m/c setting and m/c availability according required quality.  
	•	Prepare the manpower availability in running the planed m/c.
	•	Review Plan for m/c efficiency and productivity and over time hours according to delivery date.
	•	Handling outsourcing
	•	Making MIS report & reporting to MIS dept.
	•	Holding profit, loss meeting with the seniors in month of last.
	•	Conducting supervisors meeting for improvement of production efficiency with quality.
	•	Maintaining m/c Maintenance schedule and machine setting.
	•	Follow up IMS audit activity with documentation and presentation.
	•	Keeping Co-ordination with P.P.C.Dept. for timely delivery of product.
	•	Follow up fabric complaint received from our process house & taking necessary action for trouble shooting. 
	•	Monitoring fabric quality , Maintains activity and product development as per costumer 
	•	Shade Matching of Dyed fabric & yarn dyed & mélange yarn with approved shade Cutting & give approval for proceeding.
	•	Problematic fabrics inspect & give final grade for dispatch.              
	•	Preparing all report and reporting to Higher Authority 
	•	We subscribe to the knitting of the needles ,sinkers,cylinder  Groz beckert.
 
  Strengths-
Achievement oriented, with technical skills and an ability to manage the situation with 
  Ease, working in organization as team to achieve its objectives.
  

  Technical Proficiency
Technical proficiency in knitting.
 General knowledge of  knitting socks machine, flat bed,  Maintenance  or Spinning, & finishing
 Basic knowledge in computer

Extra achievement--------    1.  Socks knitting machine Designing course  completed
                                            2.  IMS internal auditor course completed
                                             



 Personal Details
 Father's Name                :     Mr. Rattan Chand                                       
  Date of Birth                 :     30.04.1991
  Sex                                :      Male
  Marital Status                :     Unmarried
  Languages known         :      Hindi, English, Punjabi,Gujrati

  Hobbies                         :      To achieving extra ordinary task

  Herewith I declare that the above furnished information is true from   
  The best of my knowledge.

Date:

Place: Ahmedabad                                                          Sumit Thakur


