PREM KUMAR MAURYA Delhi Telephone No:8700833928 Email id:prem302056@gmail.com
Objective:
To work in the well known company as a Computer Hardware & Networking Technician on acquired skills training and experience.
Work Experience:
 Desktop Support:  aashirwad group as a desktop engineer 10-6-2011 to 25-9-2012.
Desktop Support: Z3infotech as a desktop engineer 18-12-2012 To Till Date.

 Job responsibilities: ➢ Assembling & dissembling of computers. ➢ Installing, maintaining & troubleshooting different operating system. ➢ Installing, maintaining different hardware devices. ➢ installing, maintaining, & troubleshooting of LAN using switch & hub. ➢ Configuring dial up & broadband connection. ➢ Troubleshooting various network & hardware problems. ➢ Managing & troubleshooting local Printer & network printer. ➢ Troubleshooting of Network Desktops.
Computer Service Technician: Dec. 2012 – Till Date Z3infotech, Delhi,
Key Roles and Responsibilities – ➢ Planning and managing Local Area Networking. ➢ Installation and configuration of DNS, DHCP Services. ➢ Backup and Restore System state Data. ➢ Installation, configuration and troubleshooting of operating systems (WinXP/Vista/win7, Win8 Win 8.1 , Win 10, Linux ) ➢ Configuring and troubleshooting of mail clients (MS Outlook , Firefox thunderbird, Live mail  ) ➢ Installation, Configuration of Network Printer & Local Printers. ➢ installing internet data cards and configuring Wi-Fi network on the laptops.
Education:
	•	10th U.P Board 2006, 
	•	12Th U.P Board 2008,
	•	14 Month Diploma in Computer hardware Networking & Security System in IACM 2009 To 2010 Delhi,  
	•	BSC.IT Sikkim Manipal university 2017,

Additional Certification: ➢ Microsoft certified IT professional (MCITP 2008)
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE:  HARDWARE SKILLS ✓ Excellent troubleshooting skills in complex software and hardware problems ✓ Installed Hard Disk, CD Drives, Sound Blaster Cards CPU, Memory, Power Supply Unit, Networking Card, Video Graphics Card, Hard Disk Controller Card On PC System ✓ Troubleshooting of personal computers on line support to customers connecting their computer problems. ✓ Configuring and troubleshooting desktops, laptops and servers. ✓ Computer assembling and maintenance. ✓ Troubleshooting hardware and software problems. ✓ Installing and configuring the peripherals components and drives. ✓ Installing software and application to user standards.
NETWORKING SKILLS ✓ Docomentation of all the work done vising visio, Excel and M.S word. ✓ installing configuring administrating software application. ✓ Virus protection and eradication. ✓ Backup management, Reporting and Recovery. ✓Disaster recovery. ✓ Managing and maintaining the server, pc’s, Routers and Switches. ✓ Cofiguring, managing and maintaining networking equipments. ✓ Network processing, Centrailized and distributive network connection. ✓ Installing configuration and administering network technologies. ✓Installed and configured workstations for IP/IPX based LAN. ✓ Installed and configured DHCP client/Server.
ALSO HAS EXPERTISE IN FOLLWING ✓ Application Softwares: MSOffice (Word, Excel, Powerpoint), Photoshop, ISM, OpenOffice ✓ System Tools: NortonGhost, TeamViewer, cpu-z, PartitionEditor ✓ Virtualization: VirtualBox, Microsoft Virtual PC ✓ Operating Systems: Windows 9x/XP/Vista/7/8/10, MSDOS, Linux ✓ Trojans & Viruses ✓ Mac ✓ Software Packages ✓ Ammyy, Virtual Pc, windows and software Creking, ✓ Teamviewer, Thin Client workstation (Making, handle) Server Client (Making, handle) ✓ Installation All Windows, Software, Driver& Hardware Installation
AREA OF INTEREST: • Networking Engineering. • Computer Network & Security. 
 
PERSONAL DETAILS:-
Father’s Name                               Harilal Maurya
Date of Birth                                   12-03-1991
Marital Status                                  Married
Languages Known                       Hindi, English 
DECLERATION-:
I hereby solemnly declare that all the information given above is true as per my knowledge & belief.
Date-:
Place-:                                                                         (Prem Kumar Maurya )    

