
Mohammad Afzal
Mb# +919453870434 
Email#chefafzal.raynee@gmail.com

linkedin.com/in/mohammad-afzal-27b876114

Skype I’d=> chefafzal.raynee


				
Career Objective:

Aspiring for a challenging position as Chef in a global hotel industry to utilize my professional and personal skills and to grow consistently in this competitive world.

Working Area’s

	•	Indian Kitchen & Tandoor 

Experience:

January 2017- February 2018

Designation		 :	Tandoor Chef
Organization		 :	Tawabel Al-Reef Restaurant 
Location		 :	Sector Al-Farooq, Royal Commission
Area, Jubail Industrial City, Dammam, 
Saudi Arabia

Participating actively and providing useful input in menu design and food costing. Managing portion control and minimization of food waste  Reporting Kitchen Manger about stern disciplinary concerns if any I was also handled Indian Curry, Biryani, Shawarma and Butchery Section.
Cooked different varieties of curries and dishes from Tandoor as listed in Restaurant Menu.


November 2016- December 2016

Designation		 :	Commis 1st Chef
Organization		 :	Noor Us Sabah Palace 
Location		 :	V. I. P. Road, Koh-E-Fiza, Bhopal
				Madhya Pradesh, India- 462001
Prepared all the prep work for Sauces, Salads and Entrees etc. Prepared and cook food in keeping with recipes, quality and 
Presentation standards.
Test food to verify if they have been cooked adequately.
Stored all food items in appropriate storage area.
Proficient in Indian hospitality and sustainable practices followed in Indian cuisine.






December 2015- September 2016

Designation		 :	Commis 1st Chef
Organization		 :	Silver Salt Indian Cuisine 
Location		 :	Sufi Chamber, Banjara Hills, Road No- 1,
				Hyderabad, Telangana , India- 500034
Maintained the cleanliness and hygiene Kitchen. Quality control of the food, garnishing and portion size. Provided assistance for preparing stock purchase list as needed.
Helped Chef to make and frame the Menu. Maintained the standards of the kitchen and the food.
January 2015- October 2015

Designation		:	Commis 2nd Chef
Organization 		:	Lukshmi Villas Palace
Location 		:	J. N. Marg, Vadodara, Gujarat, India

Responsible for receiving, storing, and rotating produce, dairy, 
Meat, Fish, poultry. Ensured a clean and organized work station while preparing food items for service. 
Properly prepped and executed recipes as assigned by the Head Chef. Responsible for straining, cooling, and storing stocks in a timely manner. Accompanied the offsite events team on special events to assist in preparation, plating, and service of hors d'oeuvres, salad, Sauce, Kebab, Naan, Paratha's etc.

February 2014- December 2014

Designation		:	Commis 3rd Chef
Organization 		:	Lukshmi Villas Palace 
Location 		:	J. N. Marg, Vadodara, Gujarat, India

Ensured apt portions, chopping and storage of ingredients as needed for preparation of food items. Cleaned, peeled and plated fresh fruits and vegetables and fish, chicken, mutton etc. Prepared ingredients with right weigh, measure and mix. Followed recipes meticulously to cook food keeping up with quality standards and presentation instructions. Used efficiently kitchen equipment’s including ovens, grills, fryers, stoves and microwaves. Inspected food preparations for quality and quantity.

Role & Responsibilities:-

	•	Assure conformance to all food production standards and specifications set by the Executive Chef or the Sous Chef. 
	•	Control usage and eliminate wastage with a view to minimizing food costs.
	•	Maintain a high standard of cleanliness in stations.  
	•	Make out daily requisitions for the supplies needed with the approval of the Executive Chef or the Sous Chef. 
	•	Work with all other sections and maintain harmony in the main kitchen.
	•	Ensure that employees in the department conform to house rules and policies of the hotel.  
	•	Proper Co-operate with Chef, Sous Chef, Executive Chef and all F & B staffs.



Academic Qualification:-

Graduation (B.com) from Kanpur University
Intermediate from UP Board Allahabad
High school from UP Board Allahabad


Computer Skills:-

MS Office, Internet, Tally 
Expert in computer related operations Windows XP, Vista, 
Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10

Language Known:-

Hindi, English, Arabic, Urdu. 

Personal Information:-

Father’s Name		:                 	Mohammad Zaki
Date of Birth			:                 	14 August 1987 
Gender			:                 	Male 
Religion			:		Islam
Marital Status		:                 	Single 
Nationality			:                 	Indian
Permanent Address		:                 	Rayeen General Store, Near Old Petrol Pump,
Unchahar, Raebareli( U.P.) India 229404 

Passport Details:-

Passport Number    		:                   N 7004894
Date of Issue			:                   19th January 2016
Date of Expiry		:                   18th January 2026
Place of Issue		:		Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India


Reference: Reference can be given on the request. 


Date………….. 

Place………… 								(Mohammad Afzal)
