Altaf Hanif Mujawar
Executive Secretary / Admin Assistant / Office Admin
Permanent Address : 1090, Nadim Manzil, Padvekar Colony, Udhyam Nagar, Ratnagiri-415612. Maharashtra, India
| +968 9112 6121 (Oman) / +91 83 7885 5056 (India)| altaf_1988@hotmail.com

Profile Summary	Skills



B.Sc Graduation in 2009with 7.5 Year of total work experience. Relevant exp. of 6.5 years (India+International).


Work experience
 
Communication


Routing Emails
Requesting supplies in the Office Clerical task to typist, Receptionist



Executive Secretary / Admin Assistant Raysut Cement Co, SOAG, Oman
 Oct 2015 - Present
 Customer Care



Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.
Arrange conferences, meetings, and travel reservations for office personnel. Complete forms in accordance with company procedures.
Compose, type, and distribute meeting notes, routine correspondence, and reports.
Greet visitors and callers, handle their inquiries, and direct them to the appropriate persons according to their needs.
Locate and attach appropriate files to incoming correspondence requiring replies. Mail newsletters, promotional material, and other information.
Maintain scheduling and event calendars.
Make copies of correspondence and other printed material.
Open, read, route, and distribute incoming mail and other material, and prepare answers to routine letters.
Set up and maintain paper and electronic filing systems for records, correspondence, and other material.
Take dictation in shorthand , and transcribe information.
Conduct searches to find needed information, using such sources as the Internet. Coordinate conferences and meetings.
Establish work procedures and schedules, and keep track of the daily work of clerical staff. Learn to operate new office technologies as they are developed and implemented.
Manage projects, and contribute to committee and team work.
Operate electronic mail systems and coordinate the flow of information both internally and with other organizations.
Order and dispense supplies. Prepare and mail checks.
Supervise other clerical staff.
Operate office equipment such as fax machines, copiers, and phone systems, and use computers for spreadsheet, word processing, database management, and other applications.
 Answering to Customer Queries
Able to answer telephone calls and greet visitors efficiently
Hospitality


Technology Skills


Word Processing Spreadsheet
Graphical Presentation Web search
Social updates EPABX
Softwares


Organization


Filing
Tracking Correspondence
Co-ordination paper flow work


Writing


Correspondence Emails
Memos
Proof reading documents

Executive Secretary cum Admin Assistant AlSraiya Holding Group. Doha - Qatar
 Mar 2013 - Aug 2015
 40 Wpm

Answer telephones and give information to callers, take messages, or transfer calls to appropriate individuals.
Arrange conferences, meetings, and travel reservations for office personnel. Complete forms in accordance with company procedures.
Compose, type, and distribute meeting notes, routine correspondence, and reports.
Greet visitors and callers, handle their inquiries, and direct them to the appropriate persons according to their needs.
Locate and attach appropriate files to incoming correspondence requiring replies.
 Time Management


Electronic calendar to set meeting date and reminder
Arranging meeting with other organization

Mail newsletters, promotional material, and other information. Maintain scheduling and event calendars.
Make copies of correspondence and other printed material.
Open, read, route, and distribute incoming mail and other material, and prepare answers to routine letters.
Schedule and confirm appointments for clients, customers, or supervisors.
Set up and maintain paper and electronic filing systems for records, correspondence, and other material.
Take dictation in shorthand or by machine, and transcribe information.
Collect and disburse funds from cash accounts, and keep records of collections and disbursements.
Conduct searches to find needed information, using such sources as the Internet. Coordinate conferences and meetings.
Establish work procedures and schedules, and keep track of the daily work of clerical staff. Learn to operate new office technologies as they are developed and implemented.
Manage projects, and contribute to committee and team work.
Operate electronic mail systems and coordinate the flow of information both internally and with other organizations.
Order and dispense supplies. Prepare and mail checks.
Provide services to customers, such as order placement and account information. Review work done by others to check for correct spelling and grammar, ensure that company format policies are followed, and recommend revisions.
Supervise other clerical staff, and provide training and orientation to new staff.
Operate office equipment such as fax machines, copiers, and phone systems, and use computers for spreadsheet, word processing, database management, and other applications.
training and supervising junior staff and delegating work as required; manipulating statistical data;
Arranging both in-house and external events.
Assisting for Certification of ISO9001:2008.
 Problem solving


Troubleshooting conflicts among office personnel's
Ensuring of requested order are fulfilled
Making immediate payment or refunds or Exchanges are processed


References

As per on request



Office Secretary Dev IT Pvt.Ltd. India
 Jan 2010 - Feb 2012

Using a variety of software packages, such as Microsoft Word, Outlook, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, etc., to produce correspondence and documents and maintain presentations, records, spreadsheets and databases;
devising and maintaining office systems; booking rooms and conference facilities;
using content management systems to maintain and update websites and internal databases;
attending meetings, taking minutes and keeping notes; managing and maintaining budgets, as well as invoicing;
liaising with staff in other departments and with external contacts; ordering and maintaining stationery and equipment;
sorting and distributing incoming post and organizing and sending outgoing post; liaising with colleagues and external contacts to book travel and accommodation; organizing and storing paperwork, documents and computer-based information;
Photocopying and printing various documents, presentation of documents, sometimes on behalf of other colleagues.


Help Desk Administrator.
Skytronics Corporation Pvt.Ltd. India
As Hardware & Desktop Engineer (Desktop & Laptop)
 Jul 2008 - Jun 2009

For Repairing, Assembling, Installations of All Windows Operating System And Other Software’

Education



B.Sc
BHARTIYA SHIKSHA PARISHAD
Completed with 'A' Class


H.S.C in Computer Science
Abhyankar Kulkarni Junior College of Arts and Science
Completed with'B' Class
 
Jul 2006 - Jun 2009




Jul 2004 - May 2006


Certifications



MS OFFICE IDH INFOTECH
Training on MS-WORD, POWERPOINT, EXCEL, OUTLOOK
 
2012 - 2012


Passport Details


PASSPORT NUMBER	: H9764007 DATE OF ISSUE	:  03-02-2010
DATE OF EXPIRY	: 02-02-2020
PLACE	: MUMBAI

Other Countries Residency Details


Qatar Residence Number : 28835629882 – Previous Country Oman Residence Number: 103783568 - Current

Language Known


FLUENT: English, Hindi & Marathi.
BEGINNER: Arabic- speak only

Signature


ALTAF HANIF MUJAWAR
