


MAHAMMADJUBER M. PATEL
MBA, MARKETING & HRM
#4881/23, Fort Road, Belgaum, 590001
Email: zuberpatel777@yahoo.in, Contact: +919739247477

PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY


A dedicated professional specialized in Marketing & Human Resources Management, offering over five years of experience in Sales & Marketing Operations, and Business Development.
A techno-commercial professional with extensive exposure in Marketing & Sales Operations of engineering / industrial products and services. Exposure to diverse Industrial products like Diesel Generators, Industrial Valves and Valve Automation Systems.
Possess excellent Interpersonal, Communication & Organizational skills with proven abilities in Customer Relationship Management & Business Support Services.
An organized professional with experience in Customer Service and Marketing Operations, Channel Sales & Business Support Services, Business Development. An optimistic & efficient team player with an aim to direct a team towards business growth & success.

 	PROFESSIONAL SKILLS	


Marketing Operations
Customer Relationship Management Business Support Services
Business Development/Channel Sales Pricing & Negotiations
Market Research & Analysis Competitive Analysis Coordination & Customer Support Team Management
Documentation & Reporting

EMPLOYMENT HISTORY


Senior Sales Executive-Industrial, Prince Piping Systems (Hubli), July 2017 –Till Date Manufacturer of PVC Pipes & Fittings, (Revenue: INR. 1300 Crores)

Key Accountabilities
Appointment of new dealers & distributors for Trubore Brand. Sales & marketing of Trubore Pipes & Fittings through channel & distributors. Conducting regular plumber & dealer meetings for brand promotion.
Currently managing a dealer network of 26 Dealers for Prince Brand of PVC Pipes & Fittings in North Karnataka.
Achieving monthly, quarterly and annual sales targets for Prince Piping Systems in North Karnataka. Stock liquidation through secondary dealer appointments and maintaining a healthy network between primary and secondary dealers.
Responsible for successful completion of project orders through registered contractors and vendors of Prince Brand.
Conducting weekly and monthly dealers and civil engineers meet for timely updates and developments in the company.
Handling regular Marketing & Communication activities with respect to pricing, discounts, sales schemes, product launch updates etc.
Responsible for timely and accurate dispatch of material to the dealers and project sites in association with the dispatch and accounts department.

Marketing Engineer, Expert Engineering Enterprises, (Belgaum), January 2014 – June 2017 Manufacturer of Industrial Valves & Valve Automation Systems (Revenue: INR. 22.00 Crores)

Key Accountabilities
Handled Sales & marketing of Industrial Valves & Valve Automation Systems, achieved 50% sales target for North Karnataka, through dealers and new customers.
Conducted various seminars for Sugar, Steel & Cement Industries & participated in Industrial and Valve Exhibitions for Expert make valves.
Successfully handled contracts and tenders for various reputed clients like JSW, BMM Ispat, MRPL, MCFL and various Sugar Industries both Government and Private.
Ensured accurate execution of orders received from the customers, by correct documentation, product testing and quality norms as per registered consultants like IBR, EIL, MECON, etc.
Regularly followed up with production, purchase and quality departments for timely dispatch of valves with authentic documentation; ensure timely collection of Payments & C-Forms from the clients to avoid penalties.
Managed a dealer network of 10 dealers in North Karnataka for project orders and successfully executed the orders through the dealers and supported in terms of Marketing Operations.

Marketing Executive, Flowmatrix, (Belgaum), August 2011 – December 2014 Dealer & Ditributor of Industrial Valves (Revenue: INR. 2.00 Crores)

Key Accountabilities
Assisting in marketing and advertising campaigns by assembling and analyzing sales forecasts. Preparing marketing and advertising activities, plans, and organizing promotional presentations. Assisting team members with day to day marketing tasks and coordinating marketing projects and activities as requested.
Ensure timely response to the customer’s enquiries and provided techno-commercial offers in line with customer’s requirements.
Making quotations for the clients in line with their technical & commercial requirements. Researches competitive products by identifying and evaluating product characteristics, market share, pricing, and advertising; maintaining research databases, produce clear and concise written correspondence in the form of letters and emails.

 	TECHNICAL PROFICENCY	

Well worse with Operating Systems, Software Applications, Internet Troubleshooting. Effective with the application of Microsoft Office Tools (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook). Hands on experience in working with ERP, SAP & CRM Applications

 	EDUCATIONAL DETAILS	


YEAR
COURSE
INSTITUTION/UNIVERSITY
SPECALIZATION
PERCENTAGE
2011
MBA
Karnataka University Dharwad
Marketing/HRM
74.34 %
2009
BBA
Karnataka University Dharwad
Marketing/HRM
64.51 %
2005
HSC
Anjuman Science College, Bijapur
Science
60.05 %
2003
SSC
Angels English Medium School, Indi
Science
53.28 %

 	PERSONAL DETAILS	

Date of Birth
18th June 1987
Gender
Male
Father’s Name
MohammadRafique Patel
Mother’s Name
Farhat Sultana
Blood Group
A+ve
Marital Status
Unmarried
Permanent Address
At/Post: Ingalagi, Taluk: Indi, District: Bijapur, Karnataka, INDIA
Languages Known
English, Hindi, Kannada, Urdu

 	DECLARATION	
I hereby declare that the information and facts above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. Date: 2nd October, 2017
Place: Belgaum

MAHAMMADJUBER M. PATEL
