ANIL KUMAR BARANWAL
Anilbrnwl1991@gmail.com

+91-7838734499 
OBJECTIVE
	
To build a carrier in recruiting and become an asset of an organization for its growth as well as for my carrier development through my potential ,experience,efficiency, knowledge and skills.

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

 Technical Analysts: 
To have a better understanding and knowledge, I am always researching and learning about the latest and greatest technologies.

SRIT PVT LTD                                                                                                                    1 JULY 2016 TO June 2017.
Project Manager
Public Financial Management System (Finance Ministry)

SUMMARY: 
I got issues from all india which is related to PFMS Software.
I worked various type of module in public finance managment system like 1.Direct beneficiary data module 2.Sanction genration 3.EAT Module 4.Application support 5. implementation and resolution of day to day issues 6.agency creation and deletion.
7. Responsible for rolling out/ implementation of PFMS Project at State & District level.
8.   Impart training on the PFMS Software to the End Users.
9. I provided support to PFMS Office & monitoring the PFMS Project of State & Districts level.
10.    Provide valuable inputs to finalize the monitoring plan, facilitate monitoring/feedback with regard to the implementation status of the program.
11. Continuous support for implementation and resolution of day to day issues.
12.   Help State Government in grievance handling by status finding and corrective action where required.
13.  Prepare monthly report and ensure regular reporting and submission.


PEOPLE INTERACTIVE PVT(I)LTD                                                                    14 SEPTEMBER 2014 TO 30 MAY 2015
SHAADI .COM
Product Advisor

SUMMARY:
1.I trained candidate to send on floor to assist the customer which are made the profile on shaadi.com to get marriage.
2.Understanding the customer requirement accurately
3.Helping customer find suitable profiles keeping in mind their requirements.
4.Delivering quality service to paid members and working closely to maintain a good rapport with them
5.Searching, screening, short listing, establishing contact, initiating meeting between members and creating success stories.
6.Managing a set portfolio of customers with robust follow up
7.Converting prospects into Sales (Renewals/Referrals etc.)
8. Prepare monthly report and ensure regular reporting and submission.





EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

College/School
Board/University
Class
Passing Year
Percentage
SAM College of Engg&Technology
  R.G.T. U
B.E.
2013
72%
S.S.Y.I. COLLEGE
  U.P. BOARD
XII
2009
65%
Jante utter Madhyamika Vidalia
  U.P. BOARD
 X
2006
68%




SOFT SKILLS

	•	Ability to work in a team.
	•	Have a strong will Power and can adjust in any situation.
	•	Have a Smart working attitude and upright learner.



PERSONAL DETAILS

Name
Anil Kumar Barnwal
Date of Birth
18/10/1991
Father’s Name
Paras Nath Barnwal
Mother’s Name    
Sudha Devi
Address(Permanent)
Vill+Post-Bhingari Bazar, Dist-Deoria (U.P)
Language Proficiency: 
English, Hindi,
Nationality: 
Indian


DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for correctness of the above mentioned particulars.



Place:-Delhi
Date: -                                                                                                                                      Signature
                                                                                                                                               Anil Barnwal




