 CAPTAIN MUKULRATAN GOKULRAJ SHARMA
Mobile: +91 8418853629 / 9913801824 E-Mail: mgsharma61@yahoo.com muk_9@yahoo.co.in
A competent professional with 29 years of success, driving benchmarks in the Indian Army & Indian Navy and other organizations with comprehensive knowledge in the following fields
Strategic Planning Human Resource Management	Transportation Management
Logistics Management 	Operations Management	    Facility Management
General Administration Security Management  Recruitment   Employee Welfare					
A keen strategist and a dynamic go getter with expertise in managing independent operations & ensuring optimal utilization of resources.Experienced in handling operations entailing planning, budgeting & resource deployment.Proficient in developing & streamlining systems with proven ability to enhance operational effectiveness & meet operational goals within the cost, time & quality parameters.
Significant expertise in managing a wide spectrum of human resource management functions entailing training & development, performance appraisals, employee relations with a view to secure a sound work culture. Played a stellar role in motivating and handling personnel in multifaceted situations.
A veteran with demonstrated abilities in HRM, Man Management, Training & Development, Competency Mapping, Transport Management, Materials Management, Resource Optimization, Security Management and General Administration.
Expert in handling materials and logistics operations involving budgeting, procurement, vendor development & materials supply. Adept in implementing cost saving measures to achieve reduction in terms of raw materials, procurement costs and logistics cost. 	
Exceptionally well organized with a track record that demonstrates self motivation, creativity and initiatives to achieve both personal and corporate goals.Superb change agent with a talent for recruiting, motivating and developing other leaders with an equal desire to win and excel.A minute detailer and trend setter with the desire to remain on a cutting edge.
Key deliverables across the tenure
General Administration
Managed the administrative activities that facilitate the smooth running of the corporate office and Branch offices.
Managed complete facility management activities including maintenance and housekeeping, cafeteria, stationery, purchase office supply activities etc.  Ensured effective control and regular monitoring of all the Admin related expenses.  Responsible for effective and efficient maintenance of company assets including office interiors, furniture and fixtures, Cars, Bikes, and Scooter. Handled the company transport facilities for employees and proper identification of travel routes. Also handled travel arrangements like hotel stay and pick up and drop.  Liaised with Govt., Civil Authorities and Police department (whenever required). Effective Vendor management and handling of contract agencies for service outsourcing carry out and to ensure compliance as per company roles. Managed the security and ensured safety and security of employees. Installations and maintenance of access control, security alarm, CCTV and electronic security systems to ensure cost effective Security.  Identified suitable location and made suitable arrangements for organizing outdoor events for company seminars/workshops and R & R events. Arranged Buyer s meeting for owners, Hotel + Guest house Bookings. Conceptualized and implemented administration policies, systems and processes.  Ensured proper upkeep and cleanliness. Ensured timely food arrangement, strict monitoring & vigil for better food management. Managed documentation like incoming, outgoing, Courier Company, billing , billing pass, & store handling.  Managed the all duties like Drivers, field boys, and security Guards.Booked Domestic & International Ticket for office staff.Organized recruiting of new staff (a) Time sheet control (b) Guidance for new assignment staff (c) Leave/Biz trip control (d) Mobilization/Demobilization  (e) Handling Staff Salary s, Sub- Staff Salary/ Over time. Handled Welfare, Provident fund section, Gratuity Section. Handled Staff Insurance (Medi claim + P.A+ All assets insurance, etc.Office regulation. Maintained Company records +Company Polices.
Looked after Maintenance, Infrastructure Management & Support including Logistics, Facility Usage Management, Security, Housekeeping, Contractual Staff Services, Safety, Hospitality, Purchase, and Horticulture & Welfare Services.Active involvement in Budgeting & Planning to track the Costs and Rationalizing / Optimizing costs on Recreation Facilities.
Supervised & ensured a very high standard of Day to Day Operations of the facility which includes Club & other Recreation facilities.
Liaised with Govt. / Semi Govt. officials and Vendors for Compliances and Maintained proactive P.R. and Supervised all the Documentation work of the Company.
Organized supervision / management of various Events / Functions / Parties
Identified, deployed and supervised the right vendor in transportation, housekeeping, security, canteen facilities and gardening. 
Prepared relevant contract/agreement as applicable for vendors, as per the legal requirements and ensure that at all times the contract stands valid.  Designed and implemented the Standard Operating Procedures for the functioning of transport, security, housekeeping, canteen, and guest house activities.  Organized monthly review of vendor service performance (transport, security, guest house, canteen).  Carried out periodical audit of vendors for maintenance of records.  Verified, checked the contract bills and forward for payment.  Ensured that salaries to contract employees are paid on time as per the contract.  Taken care of recreation centre maintenance and implement the recreation centre policy.  Administration, payment of electricity bills and maintenance of company guest house.  Taken care of expatriate travel, accommodation and local registration related activities.  Arranged transportation and food facilities for overtime employees, holiday work, weekly off work.  Collected customer feedback on admin supports provided – prepared and collected feedback form, collated, analyze and took appropriate actions on the feedback collected.Assets/Inventory – Finalizing, Responsible for Annual Maintenance of Corporate office/Site offices Client network and Grievance Handling. Interacted with Local Managers, Heads of Functions & resolving Administration Based issues Organized local events. Programs, traveling, and other activities Handled authorization for asset movement, space management and setting up of new office. Organized smooth dispatch, receipt and kept a track of returnable and non-returnable materials. Negotiated for finalizing service agreements with contractors for execution of servicing & works as per budget parameters, Co-Ordinated Conferences, Board Meeting, Annual General Meeting Etc Dealt with Government bodies like MTNL, BMC, and POLICE etc. Ensured correct & timely implementation of contracts with Service Provider Prepared various approval notes with analysis & justifications. Organized the Hiring and Managing Labor Contractors and other Vendors. Ensured Up to date documentation & MIS
Factory Administration
Manpower planning with co-ordination and consultation of each Dept. Head generated an adequate manpower chart which enabled company to create a stress free and non-over time work environment. 
Allocation of Manpower: Allocated permanent & Contractual work force on the basis of manpower planning. 
Salary and wage Admn. Reduced the manpower turn over, consistency and liberal tax liabilities, implemented a generous compensation package and wage structure. 
Time Office Function: Exposure in computerized as well as manual time-keeping functions. 
Maintained history of Personnel. 
Personnel Policies, Plant Personnel manual/Increment policies & Grade-structure/Developed format for effective implementation of Personnel policies/MIS etc. 
Statutory Assignment and make monthly check list under the applicable Labor Laws and submit the statutory forms/ returns/ challis in time. 
Contract Labour Management: Handled Labour contractors & Contractual work force/check regularly all relevant statutory records e.g., Labour License / P.F. No. & paid challans of E.S.I / W.C. Policy /Wage-Register /Issue work orders & Annual Agreements. 
Accidental claims under W.C. and G.P.A Policy. 
Production Incentive Scheme linked with attendance and discipline.


Facilities Management 
Handled day to day management of facility, monitoring operations of systems, identifying issues, following with vendors, maintaining record of equipment.
Handled forecasting, budgeting, procurement, distribution and consumption of resources; selecting and developing vendors for meeting various facility requirements of organization. Monitored incoming & outgoing materials
Managed all aspects of facilities management and administration for various sites across locations, developed a robust framework for facilities management while implemeting best practices, ensured cost rationalization and adhered to compliance .
Managed and developed the team to deliver against business objectives.
Designed and implement the facilities control framework for various locations.
Oversaw the projects, managed all the changes happening in the facilities and transport system and synchronised the policies in line with the changes.
Planned and monitored the budget for various sites by tracking variance in the cost &analysed alternatives.
Understood the business requirement for setting up new sites in advance, evaluated cities/locations based on certain parameters and presented to the management.
Evaluated and selected the vendors and approved vendor contracts for the site.
Co-ordinated with the finance ,procurement and commercial team.
Designed group security policies and initiated corrective actions in the facilities management domain from the business profitability perspective.
Implemented process improvement initiatives across sites for cost rationalization and better service.
Co-ordinated for ISO audits by, providing relevant data & preparation of statutory compliance report.
Liaised with the clients to provide updates from a facilities management perspective.
Represented the company at various forums and conferences.
Established vendor SOPs to track and evaluate performance on a regular basis with feedback to the management.
Prepared monthly management report, incident report and vendor performance report.

Township Administration
Prepared Budget for running the township.
Planned for renovation and maintenance of township.
Minimized the budget and provided /implemented plans for revenue generation.
Recovery management from leased and ex employees, Checked Stock & inventory

Human Resource Management
Arranged tests, prepared compliance reports and Coordinated with Factory Inspectorate, Explosive authorities, electrical licensing board etc in order to ensure statutory compliance
Implemented company’s HR policies & ensured Employee welfare benefits as per HR/Admn. Manual. Ensured and maintained Statutory Compliance / cordial IR, attend to legal matters / court cases. Maintained cordial relation with client, District Administration & Local police. Monitored mobilization / demobilization of identified manpower for the Project. Ensured that that employees Performance appraisal forms (at the time annual appraisal / probation & contract completion) reach corporate HRD in time. Played a lead role in Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives. Ensured that identified / nominated employees are deputed to attend training programmes, Induction programmesetc as and when intimated by HO. Administered Leave Management System, salary reports,Overtime statements to HO as per the specified timelines. Intimated H.O about resignations / separations of employees and forward in time resignation letter/ exit interview report / clearance certificate for necessary action at HO. 
Hired  accommodation / Office Premises / Guest Houses, and ensured their upkeep and housekeeping; procured furniture / furnishings required for the site, throughout the duration of the Project; explored the possibility of deployment / re-deployment of furniture/capital assets etc. from other Sites (in consultation with Administration and Fleet Departments at H.O. before ordering fresh purchases. Prepared sample document for lease of a house Established and maintained the dining facility / Mess at site. Hired / leased vehicles for organizing the daily transportation requirements of employees at Site. 
Co-ordinated and ensured attendance / gate passes for all Sub-contractors’ labour. Ensured attendance and leave monitoring systems compile and forward necessary reports of employee’s daily attendance & leave records, in the prescribed manner to HRD Department at H.O. Organized the receipt and dispatch of mail / documents (couriers & posts)  Arranged for telecommunication facilities including provision of internet broadband services (for the Site office) from the service provider (IT equipment shall be arranged by IT Department from HO/RO). Ensured statutory compliances as applicable. Maintained a liaison with the customer, local civil / government authorities. Arranged logistics for Site Office / Client Meetings, Annual Functions / Get-togethers & picnics at site. Provided timely information regarding an accident to concerned authorities immediately for claiming / settlement of benefit under Group Personal Accident insurance policy / Workmen Compensation. Indented for identity cards for employees and arranged the same from Head Office.  Arranged travel and accommodation for top executives.
 
Transport Management
Responsible for entire fleet operations (trailers and trucks)  Implemented setting up policies /strategies for economical & effective operations Maintained extensive network with transport companies Managed transport contractors & vendors. Improved the control over Transport service and operational cost.
Provided transportation service for overtime, holiday work, weekly off work employees and ensured conveyance allowance is paid to them whenever necessary.
Increased the service level & support level to core inter production departments & supporting dept’s.
Identified and deployed the right vendor
Briefed drivers and staff to control vehicle accidents
Controlled the maintenance expenditures & fuel expenditures
Driver management – ensured proper deployment, training
Supported the decisions of the transport committee
Complied all the statutory compliances related to transport
Pool Cars: Maintenance and management of company pool cars, taking care of service, RC renewal, deployment etc.
Verification of bills submitted by company drivers as well as vendors and forwarding it for payment
Oversaw transportation arrangement for tracking the running expenses of vehicles including monitoring drivers, transport planning& the route optimization, besides other operational parameters.
Preparing reports on accidents, conducting research & analysis for minimizing road misshapenness.
Planning & sourcing of vehicles for the company (on contract basis).
Maintenance of vehicles, Accident prevention and safety.
Transportation of supplies, troops and ammunition from one location to another.
Carrying out transport operations independently.
Truck convoys planning ,In-transit monitoring,Loading and off load scheduling.
Invoicing from customers,Transport control & parking

Canteen Management
Improved the control over Canteen service and operational cost.
Arranged for food during overtime, holiday work, weekly off work on need based
Increased the service level & the food quality
Identified right vendor who can supply quality food on time at agreeable price levels
Organized the control over loss time in food supply
Controlled food and beverage expenditures within the budget
Ensured the hygiene of supplied food
Ensured cleanliness of canteen, and other related objects
Complied all the statutory compliances related to canteen service
Organized for food in case of shortage and submitted bills for the same to finance

Security Management
Supervised the installation, maintenance, and repair of computerized security, fire, and audio/video monitoring systems in accordance with industry standards and customer needs; Planned, assigned, and evaluated the work of security & technical personnel , directed and instructed employees regarding the more technical phases of work;  Ensured that personnel and facilities are adequately protected in the area of security and fire alarms;  Developed system specifications, written Requests for Proposals, assisted in selecting vendors for alarm systems, and writes administrative procedures required to support operations;  Consulted with departments to ensure that all systems installed meet the unique requirements of the users. Prepared budget requests and other written reports relating to security system activities;
Organized Security and vigilance for township and factory, Liaised with local authorities.
Organized Entry/Exit Track and Check in factory and township.
Assisted Safety team in achieving desired safety standards
Acted as Security Coordinator during Emergency & Budgeting of Security plans and executions.
Overseeing all administrative tasks across military establishments/ private Units in India, including facility management, procurement/ logistics, price negotiation, communication, housekeeping services, food, travel, transport and fund management.Handling and Deploying Internal Security Associates.
 Planning Security Assessment Conducting Risk Assessment/Internal Security Survey Conducting Internal Audits  Handling Overall Sites for the GROUP in Mumbai. (South Mumbai, Mumbai Suburbs & Thane) Drafting Process,& Policy and Implementing on Grounds
 Handling Day to Day Incidents and accidents.  Preparing MIS / Budget for security Liaison With Local Authorities/MMRDA & BMC  Conducting Trainings & Inductions for New Joinees  Looking after Bills/Contracts/AMC & Their renewals. Parallel Reporting to Managing Director (Owner)  Conducting routine inspections of the facility to maintain physical security and protection of assets.   Monitoring closed circuit television systems, Fire Alarm System and their maintenance if applicable.  Enforcing company standards as they relate to security and safety procedures.  Participating in the training of new hire Associates in matters of loss prevention and outsourcing agencies loss prevention and safety programs. 
 Conducting quarterly fire safety audits, safety inspections & effectively communicating hazards to key holder on duty.  Ensuring physical security by controlling access of associates and visitors, along with maintaining visitor control log.
Developed/ strengthened standard operating procedures, internal control systems.
Supervised Engineering Support services and their optimum capacity utilization, cost control and resource maximization.
Canteen Management including pantries, cafeteria, executive dining.
Vendor Management: Identification of suitable Vendors/contractor, negotiation & finalization of various AMC.Managed vendors, contractors, and suppliers
Ensured equipment & services are of acceptable quality, competitively priced, & delivered on time.
Maintenance: Handled / planned preventive maintenance and upkeep of all assets.
Budget : Managed budgeting for operating expenses for support services like transport, employee events and canteen.
Developed and implemented cost saving initiatives against benchmarks through  appropriate initiatives.
Liaised with the government/ governmental bodies for various coordination activities.
Handled various events and other hospitality functions by working in close coordination with other units and with various other personnel.
Ensuring availability of man & material for execution of technical and administrative jobs.
Planning and monitoring security arrangements involving preparing security plans and deployment of security personnel, etc.
Implementing stringent systems / measures to establish and maintain high security standards in compliance with prescribed statutory norms.
Coordinating with security guards for negotiating and executing maintenance of office security.
Imparting training to Security staff, Technical Staff & House keeping staff about Fire Precautions, Operating Extinguishers & Evacuations in case of Emergency
Cash Management
1. Overall Accountability for Branch Operations  2. Managing ATM & Business points in the Area 3. Effectively handling Day to day Logistics, Operations, route optimization & maintenance  4. Identifying & managing risk factors during operations Analyzing operations carried out with proper infrastructure, like manpower, vehicles, trunks, locks etc. 5. Fleet Management 6. Liaison with government bodies (RTO, Police and Local Municipal officials etc.) 7. Manpower Management & Handling Employee Relations matters 8. Provide efficient and effective Customer Service to achieve higher customer satisfaction levels. 9. Effectively handle process related improvements  10. Hiring, Managing and developing a proactive professional team 11. Regular maintenance of vehicles & vehicle records Regular check of vehicle fitness/insurance/RC Copy 12. Conduct Regular Audits Keeping close watch on process adherence & conduction surprise audits. 13. Employee Engagement. 14. Facilitating Audits by bank and third party appointed by banks 15. Supervising Processing activities and adhere to processes to mitigate risk due to procedural faults.  16. Effectively handle customer queries and develop customer relations for retail as well as corporate customer. 17. Visit customers when enquires for new business are raised. 18. Overlook entire gamut of cash activities from pick up/ delivery to reports . 19. Address grievances of staff pertaining to operation. 20. General administration
Expatriate Management
Coordinated and organized for invitation letter and visa of expatriates
Supported and if required organized for ticket booking
Checked Guest house availability and based on the request, requirement organize the accommodation of expatriates
Informed local police on expatriate stay as per the local law/practice requirements.
Informed Collectorate about expatriate stay and organized for registration and obtaining NOC if applicable
Organized for local travel of expatriates during their stay in India
Maintained records on expatriate details, copy of all the documents submitted to police station, collectorate, and passport office and submitted to management as and when required

Housekeeping Management
Improved the control over House- keeping service and operational cost
Increased the service level and the quality of cleaning activity
Identified the right vendor, improved the cleaning procedures & controlled consumable expenditure.
Organized training schedules for house- keeping team
Supported the decisions by security and housekeeping committee

Administrative Strong Points
Expert in services offered to organizations under Plant Services armed with strong Facility Management background and ability to operate with a high degree of autonomy in making decisions and implementing systemic changes
Strong leadership skills, exceptional business and finance acumen, and well-developed interpersonal skills
Managed commercial vendor contracts, and auditing performance or scorecards on periodic basis, collecting and delivering feedback effectively
Strong analytical, organizational and management competence and a proven track of working closely with the Regional as well as National teams
Good verbal and written communication skills; proactive communication as required in establishing and maintaining client and team confidence
Local expertise and knowledge required to represent the firm and partner with prime vendors in optimizing the Firm’s goals and objectives.

Skills/ Competencies : 
	•	Demonstrated strong verbal and written communication skills to positively influence behaviors and outcomes.
	•	Ability to guide and influence leadership 
	•	Excellent time management skills and ability to prioritize 
	•	29 years of people management experience
	•	Problem Solving
	•	Goal Orientation
	•	Ability to handle pressure and deadlines
	•	High level of integrity and honesty
	•	Co-ordination and networking skills  
Career Recital—29 YEARS
FACILITY MANAGEMENT INDUSTRY
Jan’11 to Nov 15 with CISS Ltd & Jan 16 to Date with CISB Ltd (CISS Group company), Mumbai as General Manager (HR,Admin)
BANKING INDUSTRY
Apr”09-to Nov 10 Dena Bank at Bhuj (Gujarat) as  Sr.Manager- HRM)
GENERAL INSURANCE INDUSTRY
(Oct’02-Nov’08 ) at Mumbai  & Lucknow
Oriental Insurance Co. (PSU) as Specialist Administrative Officer (-Personnel )
CEMENT INDUSTRY
(Dec’00-Jun’02 ) at  Gulbarga, Karnataka
Vasvadatta Cement (B.K. Birla Group) as Departmental Head (Manager)
STEEL INDUSTRY
(Dec’97-Dec’00) posted at Pen, Raigad, Maharashtra
Ispat Industries Ltd. (Lakshmi Mittal Group) as Sectional Head (Dy.Manager)
INDIAN ARMED FORCES
Sep’87-Sep’97 with Indian Army  asCompany Commander (Captain)

Academia
M.A. (Political Science) from Kakatiya University -June 1995.
B.A. in Public Administration from Kakatiya University –May 1989. 
Additional Qualification
MBA Specializing in Personnel Management & Industrial Relations from Symbiosis Institute of Management Studies, Pune –Dec 1999.
P.G. Diploma in Training & Development from ISTD, New Delhi –June 1995.
P.G.Diploma Logistics & Resources Management-Rohilkhand University-May 1994.
Diploma in Industrial Security, Safety, Fire Protection and Human Resources Management from Ministry of Defense –June 1997.
Port Facility security officer (PFSO)—DG Shipping Mumbai
Licensing--Attained Licentiateship, Associateship, Fellowship in General Insurance from Insurance Institute of India.
IT Skill Set--Desk Top Publishing (Word, Excel, PowerPoint)-Aptech Computer Institute, Alibag.
Courses in Army --  Transport& Logistics Management Course from ASC School, Bareilly.
Command Fire Fighting Course from Northern Command.
Membership from:--Indian Society for Training and Development, New Delhi 
Symbiosis Institute of Management Studies, Pune    Insurance Institute of India, Mumbai 
Personal Details--Date of  Birth--7th June 1968 Marital Status:Married    No. of Dependents:04 
Address:Permanent— 557/29 Om Nagar Alam-bagh Lucknow-226005 U.P    Mob-08418853629
Passport Details: G 8508309 (29/04/2018)  Driving License Details: MH02 20090013533 LMV,Mumbai Salaty-1lac pm+accn+car
Languages : Can Speak ,Read & Write-  English Hindi Marathi   Current Location-- Lucknow
