ROY REMEDIO CARDOZO
Mobile: +971-50-8572787
E-mail: roy_cardozo@yahoo.co.uk


		 	OBJECTIVE	

A multi-skilled, results-oriented, key team player possessing a wealth of multi-disciplinary experience aspiring a challenging position in Supply Chain Management and use my expertise and skills in developing the organizational requirements and adding value to the organization coupled with growth.
		 	AREAS OF EXPERTISE	

	•	Operations planning
	•	Order processing
	•	SAP Implementation / Rollout
	•	Logistics / Distribution
	•	Procurement / Cost savings
	•	Team Management
	•	Freight Negotiations
	•	Import / Export /Cross Trade
	•	Materials / Inventory Management
	•	Customer / Vendor Relationship
	•	Transportation (Air/Land/Sea)
	•	Continuous Process Improvement
		 	PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS	

 19 years UAE experience in various facets of Supply Chain Management Functions, with good understanding about the interdependency of all the functions. Experienced in setup of procurement/logistics functions with new Group entities. Worked in Trading Company, Manufacturing Unit, Shipping Line and Logistics Company. Mature, credible, and comfortable in dealing with Customers/Vendors and internal Customers.

		 	PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION & CERTIFICATIONS	
 Graduation - Bachelor’s Degree in Science, Goa University.
 Certified International Supply Chain Manager (CISCM), International Purchasing and Supply Chain  Management Institute, USA.
 Certified Professional Purchase Manager (CPPM), American Purchasing Society, USA.
 Certified Purchase Professional (CPP), American Purchasing Society, USA.
		 	IT SKILLS	
 SAP HANA, SAP SCM500 (ERP Procurement and Logistics Execution).
 Business Intelligence (Reporting software).
 Business Object’s (Reporting software).
 Qlik Sense (Reporting software).
 Visual Basic based Procurement, Inventory and Warehouse Management System.
 Oracle based system for Freight forwarding.
 MS Office (Word, Excel, Power Point), Internet Explorer, Internet Applications.
 EDI Procurement with Vendors.
 Completed E-Mirsal training with Dubai Customs for passing Customs bill.

		 	PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND SIGNIFICANT ACHIEVEMENTS	
Supervisor Imports & Procurement: (Zafco FZCO, Jebel Ali-UAE, July-2004 Till date)
Trading Company with the world’s best brands of Tires, Batteries and Lubricants, having combined average inventory of one million tires. Some of the tire brand includes Pirelli, Nitto, Toyo, Roadstone, Double Coin, Otani, Armstrong and Zeetex.

Overall Responsibilities:
 Developing and implementing purchasing instructions, policies, and procedures within the Group.
 Monitoring of KPI and measure the service levels and on time deliverable by Vendors.
 Presentation of MIS reports to Management, PSI report to Vendors and Shipment status report to Sales.
 Responsible for the Imports/Cross Trade Team overall objective of Internal/External customer satisfaction.
 Ensuring Vendor Price maintenance in SAP based on negotiated prices with Vendors.
 Freight negotiation with service providers for Imports, Exports and Cross Trading Cargo. (Air/Land/Sea)
 Locating Vendors of materials, equipment or supplies and selecting best vendor.
 Communicating with overseas entities (USA, KSA, Europe) for the monthly ordering requirement & shipments.
 Communicating with 3PL Vendors for Overseas warehouse goods (Documentation, Inbound and outbound).
 Planning the day to day activities of the department and ensuring that Purchase Order entries, Import/Cross Trade L/C to Vendors, Insurance coverage of goods shipped, cargo clearance from port are being done on time by the team to avoid delays and ensure timely availability of goods for sale.
 Inbound/Outbound shipment planning with warehouse for optimum Space utilization of warehouse.
 Analyzing Stocks and handling Inventory disputes, authorizing the adjustments after warehouse stock counts.
 Advising Stock Ageing Report to sales, Order fulfillment and Liquidation of old phase out stocks.
 Ordering & Lodging claim with Vendors for damaged/short shipped goods & ensuring receipt of credit note.
 Communication with Vendors for Bureau Veritas inspection and certifications (COC, GSO, SASO, E-mark).
 Resolving Vendor or contractor grievances, and claims against suppliers.
 Instructing Materials Creation Team for Material Creation/Price Update for new SKU’s procured.
Order Processing:
Material Procurement:
 Processing Purchase Requisitions, RFP/RFQ, Purchase Order’s.
 Analyzing stocks, pending PO & historical sale, and preparing order plan on a monthly basis well within the agreed cut-off dates maintaining the norm of stock levels for order requirements to be placed to Vendors.
 Analyzing monthly order plan and Rolling Forecast with the Procurement Manager/Director.
 Uploading EDI file in Vendor Portal for order placement.
 Confirming Proforma/Sales Contracts and issuing Purchase Order to local and overseas Vendors.
 Corresponding with Vendors for confirmation of order placed, shipment schedule, disputes, queries etc.
Consumable /Service/Asset Procurement: (PR – RFQ – PO – GR)
 Processing Purchase Requisitions received from the concern department after approval.
 Sending RFQ to Vendors and registering Quotation’s in the system.
 Issuing PO to the Vendor against the best quote after approval.
 Following for the Delivery/Service, posting GR/Service Entry for job completion & Vendor Invoice checking.
SAP Project Implementation:
 Planning Procurement Process mapping for Rollout of new entity onto SAP (2018).
 Planning migration of Business from SAP R/3 to SAP HANA for MM module (2017).
 Planning Procurement Process mapping for Rollout of new entity onto SAP (2010, 2011).
 Planning Procurement Process mapping from legacy system to SAP system (SAP Implementation 2008).
 Training and Supervising the department for working on SAP and assisting the team for queries.
 Focusing on Process improvements and efficiency.
Achievements:
 Successfully handled Imports Procurement worth 800 million dirhams for Local and Overseas Entities.
 Successfully implemented SAP, BO reporting tool and BI reporting tool and rolled out new entities onto SAP.
 Successfully acquired ISO:9001 certification for ZAFCO FZCO (Procurement Process owner for Audit).
 Designed Customized Reports to facilitate business process giving accurate/simplified information to end users in SAP, thereby reducing time and increasing efficiency.

  PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND SIGNIFICANT ACHIEVEMENTS (CONTINUED)
Logistics & Operations Executive: (Sharaf Shipping Agency & Smart  Logistics, 2001-2004).
Sharaf Group is one of the largest shipping house in the Middle East, one stop for quality shipping, marine and logistics services.

Job Responsibilities:
 Planning & Execution of Project Cargo for Emirates Gas Jebel Ali, from Dubai to Djibouti.
 Arranging Project Cargo distribution of Hyundai Mobis from Dubai to Gulf Countries.
 Handling Consolidation & De-Consolidation cargo.
  Coordinating with the Sale’s/Overseas Agents for the shipments, clearance queries and quotations.
  Arranging documentation and transport for Import & Export shipments, and 3PL warehousing cargo.
 Coordinating with the warehouse/clients for the release of warehousing cargo.
 Arranging daily documentation and assigning clearance work to Freight clerks.
 Arranging Customs inspection, Survey, Packing & Loading of Personal effects cargo.

Achievements:
 Successfully handled Projects to Customer satisfaction & Clients Cargo worth millions of dirhams.
 Successfully arranged the documentation/operational setup of new Logistics Company.
 Successfully managed the customs clearance and cargo delivery team.

Shipping Incharge: (Boscan International FZE, 1999-2001).
A Hong Kong based Luggage manufacturing group having factories in U.A.E., Hong Kong, China & Jordan. Supplying Tote bags, Duffle bags, Trolley bags, Beauty Cases etc. to leading American Luggage distributors like Airway Atlantic, Badanco, Sears etc.

Job Responsibilities
 Freight Negotiation with Shipping/Forwarding/Express companies for competitive rates.
 Arranging Air, Sea, Land transport and clearance for Import/Export shipments.
 Communicating with Hong Kong & Jordan branches for the Export shipments.
 Coordinating with factory manager for the Import/Export shipment arrangement based on the requirements.
 Communicating with all the concerned dealing parties for shipping/documentation activities, and settling disputes related to shipments.

Import/Export Documentation:
 Opening Import L/C & Coordinating with the Finance for releasing L/C documents from the Bank.
 Preparing Monthly Import Report/Shipment Forecast & Monthly Export Sales Report and Export Forecast.
 Analyzing Export L/C regarding terms and conditions to avoid any discrepancies in the documentation.
 Preparing and verifying all types of Export documents required for L/C negotiation
 Preparing documents for passing Export Declaration.

Achievements:
 Started as Shipping Assistant and got promoted to Shipping In-charge.
 Successfully handled Imports & Exports cargo of around 200 million Dirham’s.
		 	PERSONAL INFORMATION	
Birth Date	:	February, 1975.
Religion	:	Roman Catholic
Marital Status	:	Married
Nationality	:	Indian
Languages	:	English, Hindi, Konkani & knowledge of Portuguese Visa Status	:	Jebel Ali Free-zone Visa
Driving License	:	Valid UAE Driving License
Hobbies	:	Sports, Movies, Music, Camping, Social Activities.
