SANJEEV KUMAR
Sharma house vill-beladullah, back on goverment medial school, Darbhanga,Bihar-846004, 8142340053/9803645366 | kumarsanjeev691@gmail.com,sanjeevbanker691@gmail.com

CAREER OBJECTIVE

My objective is to work & serve to the best of my potential for an organization that nurtures its resources by promoting commitment, innovation and team work to bring out the best.

EXPERIENCE


ICICI Bank Ltd
Senior ofﬁcer(Maker)
 31st July 2015 - 19th February 2018

Senior ofﬁcer(Maker)-Customer requested the branch,branch raised the service requests ( SR) then i checked all request form documentation if everything document or kyc form are correct i processed the case ,if any rejection in a case directly contact to branch or customers.
KYC for new account opening and REKYC for existing customer, MIS making and updating to senior.
Inward clearing – fund transfer ,neft and rtgs process ,signature verﬁcation and checking and processing the cheque Veriﬁcation the document then process the service request.
cheque book request process,neft and rtgs
Processing on all servicing path like as- National pension scheem,Atal pension youjana,Sukhanya samridhi account , Public provident account ,joint cust id creation and ﬁnacle
modifcation and etc.
Provide the training for employee on various activity or various product

EDUCATION

Institute of ﬁnance,banking and insurance,Patna
Post graduate diploma in banking operation 76
2015
Govt.College of commerce and business administration sector 42 chandigarh
Bachelor of business administration (BBA) 58
2013
Kendriya vidyalaya 3BRD, Chandigarh
12th 65.4
2010
Capt college,Chandigarh
Diploma in compute,accountancy and taxation 86
2010

TECHNICAL SKILLS

Attended a course titled Diploma in accounting and taxation in CAPT College. MIS making and updating.
Experience and expertise in installation of various software specially banking industry software. Expertise in the usage of MS ofﬁce tools namely -: MS-Word, MS- Excel, MS Power Point, MS Front
Page.
Experience and expertise in MICROSOFT EXCEL

PROJECTS

Quest for quality (ICICI Bank Ltd)	2016 -2017

Complete 6 project for quest for quality SR and improve the process and implement pan india level
ACHIEVEMENTS & AWARDS

In ICICI BANK - complete 6 project for quest for quality SR and improve the process and implement pan india level.
NISM and NSDL exam cleared
Participation in skating champion ship in regional level. Participation in boxing in regional level.
Participation in adventure camp. Participation in UNO exam 73% MARKS 50th rank in Ace-tutorials in Chandigarh
5th ranks in Chandigarh and 15587 ranks in national in Science Olympied 1st ranks in slogan writing in inters college.

INDUSTRIAL EXPOSURE

6 Weeks Training In Sakila Ayurvedic Chandigarh. 6 Weeks Training In Sharekhan Ltd Chandigarh.
ICICI Bank ltd-KYC for new account opening and REKYC for existing customer,MIS making and updating to senior Inward clearing – fund transfer ,neft and rtgs process ,signature verﬁcation and checking and processing the cheque Veriﬁcation the document then process the service request.cheque book request process,neft and rtgs Processing on all servicing path like as- National pension scheem,Atal pension youjana Sukhanya samridhi account , Public provident account ,joint cust id creation and ﬁnaclemodifcation and etc. Provide the training for employee on various activity or various product.

INTERESTS

Account payable,Account receivable,Banking operation,Customer service,Account realted any work

PERSONAL STRENGTHS

Basic knowledge of Microsoft ofﬁce. Diploma in accounting and taxation. Goods communication skulls.
Leadership quality. Managerial skills.
I am Hard worker and smart worker I am Honest
I am idea innovator reduce eclation path

PERSONAL PROFILE

Hobby : Playing and watching boxing and cricket. Listening hindi music and read story book etc.

REFERENCE

Renu Kumari - "ICICI Bank ltd."
Manager 9908411299

Subhash Gottipati - "ICICI Bank ltd"
Regional Head 9908131854

K. BABU - "ICICI bank ltd" Deputy manager (DM Grade 2) 9949920414/7989580519


DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.


Date : 10th January 2019 Place : Darbhanga




SANJEEV KUMAR
