PRASADRAM.K
ramkannan54@gmail.com	Mobile: 90030 64185


Overview:

Having 2+ years of experience in Development & Testing of Micro controller products, Bluetooth headsets, Bluetooth adaptors, Tone Generators, Cable tracers. Have a sound knowledge in testing of Micro controller products, Digital Electronics.



Professional Certifications:

	•		PLCs (AB, ABB, Keyence, Siemens, Omron, GE Fanuc)
	•	SCADA (FIX, INTOUCH)
	•	labVIEW­2009
	•	Basics of C and C++


Academic Profile

Course
Institution
Year of Passing
Percentage/ CGPA
B.E – Electronics &
Instrumentation
Anand Institute of Higher
Technology, Kazhippattur, Chennai
May 2012
7.12
HSC
John Dewey Matriculation Higher
Secondary School, Villupuram
March 2008
81%
SSLC
Mahatma Gandhi High School,
Villupuram
March 2006
85%

Technical Proficiencies:

	•	PLCs (AB, ABB, Keyence, Siemens, Omron, GE Fanuc)
	•	SCADA (FIX, INTOUCH)
	•	labVIEW­2009

Professional Experience :

Present Employment
Organization	: Telekonnectors Ltd Designation	: Junior Engineer R&D
Duration	: March 2014 – PRESENT

Description	:
Experience in Development of Requirements, Design and Test case Documents. Responsible for EMC related testing of electrical/electronic sub assemblies as per defined test plan / specs / standards. Performed Board level & field test and delivered a product with improved quality.
Ongoing Projects:

	•	Project	: Smart Tone Tracer (STT)
	•	Client	: Aines­ USA
	•	Team Size	5
	•	Role	: Hardware developer, Test Case Producer

	•	Environment	: Digital Electronics, Telecommunication, Networking
	•	Duration	: 6 Months


Abstract:

Smart Tone Tracer (STT) is a professional filter probe with multi functional
equipment to use in a demanding environment. Its designed to make a technicians job easy while tracing a wire from a bunch of wires with electrical interferences and check the LAN Network Cables.
Previous Employment
Organization	: Goodwill Automation & InfoTech Designation	: Graduate Trainee Engineer Duration	: July 2013 – Feb 2014
Description	: Trained in Software like PLC, C, C++, Java. Gained knowledge in PLC Programming and also estimate programs for many technical terms.


Project:
	•	Title: Design and Development of Wireless Intravenous Multi­Drug Delivery System.
	•	Project description : This project describes how injection can be delivered  to  the patient automatically when an SMS is given. This is based on embedded system and in bio­medical field.
Strength

My biggest strength that I can adjust myself in any sort of Circumstances and my confidence is my asset.


Personal Profile:
Name	:	Prasadram.K
Father’s Name	:	Kalirajan. R
Gender	:	Male
Date of Birth	:	09.03.1991
Passport no	:	K3870949
Languages Known	:	English & Tamil

Permanent Address	:	Plot no: 33/1, Door no: 8,

Devaraj nagar, Selaiyur, Madambakkam, Chennai ­ 600073.
Declaration:

I declare that above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Date:	Yours faithfully,

Place:  Chennai	[PRASADRAM.K]
