Resume
                                                                                                       
 

Mr. Rohit Khare                                                                        Mobile No: 7435911439                                              
S/O Vinod Khare                                                                         Email- rohitkhare084@gmail.com
459 Sanjivani nagar behind                                                                   rohit.sanjivani@gmail.com
G.S.I building garha Jabalpur                               
Madhya Pradesh
	•	PIN-482003			                                                                

(Key Skills:-Renewable Energy, Wind Resource Assessment, Mat mast installation monitoring, e-Tender Wind, EPC, Project Execution, Electrical Power transmission, Power Generation, Production)

CAREER OBJECTIVE

To obtain a long-term career with an organization, which has a strong background that provides good opportunity for enhancement of professional and personal status?

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

Examination
University/Board
Year of passing
Result
Higher secondary
M.P board
2003
60%
B.E  (Electrical& Electronics)
R.G.P.V/TIT(Bhopal)
2007
63.19%
M.E (High Voltage & Power System)
R.G.P.V/J.E.C
2012
69.13%
M.B.A (Power Management)
UPES
2018
Persuing
	•	
	•	TOPIC OF THESIS 
	•	   
	•	“Designing and testing of MO surge arrester for EHV Line”
	•	 
	•	WORK ACHIEVEMENT IN THESIS     
	•	
	•	Paper published in “International Journal of Enhanced Research in Science Technology & Engineering’’ ISSN: 2319-7463
Topic-: Capability of existing of ZnO lightning arresters with different dielectrics

 INDUSTRIAL EXPERIENCE

	•	Worked for 2 years 9 months at Suzlon Energy Composite Limite from 1/08/2007 to 1/05/2010.
	•	Working at Regen Powertech Pvt Ltd in 30MW  Dhar  project (M.P) from 21/12/2015   30/6/2016 as a  “Project Engineer Execution”.
	•	Presently working in Power & Energy Consultant (A Division of Goldine power solution limited) From 4 /7/2016




Company profile

Power & Energy Consultants (PEC) is a division of Goldline Power Solutions Limited. Company Registered under the companies Act 1956 with the registrar of Companies, NCT of Delhi and Haryana having its registered office at “Development Chamber” U- 136 First Floor, Shakarpur, Vikas Marg, Delhi- 110092. 


Roles & Responsibilities
	•	Develops negotiating strategies and positions by studying integration of new venture with company strategies and operations; examining risks and potentials; estimating partners' needs and goals.
	•	EPC Tendering and Tender evaluation / Reading and Checking of drawings related to project, Wind Resource Assessment.
	•	Solving the technical queries of Client and Contractor.
	•	Site monitoring (All CIVIL,MECHANICAL & ELECTRIAL)
(Sep2016 to March 2017:- Site Inspection and monitoring for IOCL’s 26MW WPP INOX in Rojmal site in state of Gujarat).

(April 2017 to Present: - Commission, 96 hours short run test, O&M Monitoring for NALCO 50.4MW WPP
Suzlon in Jath site in state of Maharashtra)

M/s Regen Powertech Pvt. Ltd.:-

Company Profile   

   RPPL is India's one of the  fast growing fully integrated wind power company with its own manufacturing unit of 1.5MW wind turbines and ranks amongst the top ten in India. Regen integrates consultancy, design, manufacturing, operation and maintenance services to provide customers with total wind power solutions.

Projects Handling:-
Erection and commissioning of 33 KV Unit Substation (USS). And Erection and commissioning of 2 nos. group metering yard (GC yard). Extension of Bay at 132kv EHV Sub –Stations.  Erection & commissioning of 33 KV single Circuit Transmission line of about 45 Km at Dhar MP.

Roles & Responsibilities
	•	Responsible for Construction of Unit Substation and Erection of Equipment's [Power Transformer(Step up), VCB,CT and PT ]
	•	Responsible for Testing & Commissioning of Unit substation equipment's.
	•	Execution of work as per drawing and BOQ specification.
	•	Preparation of Daily Progress Reports
	•	Co-ordination and control with multiple sub-contractors.
	•	Quality Auditing and Quality Control.
	•	Material reconciliation reports, material requisition schedule etc.
	•	Completion of given task within the stipulated period
	•	Execution of projects with all services.   

M/s Suzlon Energy Composite Ltd

Company profile

   Suzlon Energy Ltd is India's first home-grown wind technology company and the fifth largest wind power supplier. Founder of a Company is Mr. Tulsi Tanti. The company is engaged in the business of design, development, manufacturing and supply of wind turbine generators (WTGs) of a range of capacities and their components. Their operations relate sale of WTGs and allied activities, including sale/sub-lease of land, infrastructure development income; sale of gear boxes, and sale of foundry and forging components. Others primarily include power generation operations. 
   The company is headquartered in Pune. They have their presence in 32 countries namely, India, China, Sri Lanka, Japan, South Korea, Canada, USA, Brazil, Chile, Nicaragua, Belgium, Bulgaria, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Romania, The Netherlands, Turkey, Spain, Sweden, United Kingdom, Austria, Czech Republic, France, Greece, Hungary, Poland, Portugal, Russia, Switzerland, Australia, South Africa.

Roles & Responsibilities

	•	Production and maintenance of 41 m blade with Resin infusion  technique
	•	Process control 

TEACHING EXPERIENCE 
(Total 5 years)
(a) Working in “Technocrats Institute of Technology Bhopal” from July 2010 to Dec 2013                   
 
(b)  Takshshila Institute of engineering and technology from January 2014 to Dec 2015



EXTRA CURRICULAM

(1) Paper presented in all India seminar on “Modern trends in energy systems” SRIT Jabalpur on Feb. 2010

(2) Participant in National conference in “Modeling and Simulation of Electrical system’’   MSES-2013 TIT Bhopal      
     Type of work- “Review Committee”

(3) Two weeks workshop on Control System Engineering IIT Kharagpur December 2014

TRAINING  

(a) M.P.S.E.B 220KV Nayagaon Jabalpur (M.P)

PROJECTS

	•	Minor Project in Solar Battery Charger.
	•	Major Project in Speed Control of induction motor by using PC interface.



PERSONAL PROFILE
               
                1. Father’s Name                :	Mr. Vinod Kumar Khare
 2. Date of Birth		    :	23rd Dec 1984
 3. Marital Status		    :	Married
 4. Nationality	                  :          Indian
  5. Gender                            :	Male
                 6. Category		    :	General


DECLARATION


I hereby affirm that the information in this document is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                  


ROHIT KHARE








