           HRIDAY SHANKAR UPADHYAY                                                                                                                                                                                                              
                             Lucknow, India       +91-9810136386           hridayu2@gmail.com
                                                    
                                                    in linkedin/in/hriday10 
                                                           Work Experience           
Aug-18 To Present   Arsha Infra Developers Pvt Ltd – Lucknow, India
HR Executive
A key contributor in the HR process from start to finish. Assisted with all        Recruitment, Induction, Attendance, Salary, Incentive, Over Time, Liaising with other agencies, Legal Process, Staff benefits, Entertainment by Employee engagement programme, Long term absence management, Reward & Recognition, Employee relations, Personal file maintenance, MIS on Excel.   Anti-Bribery Training.   


July-15 To Dec-17    Denave India Pvt Ltd – Noida, India
HR Executive-Payroll

Created and keep evolving a vision for smooth payrolling & reimbursement to manage our clients and 6500+ employee headcount in the best possible way. Used audit learning theory to perform the assigned task - payroll, Incentive, International reimbursement, Bonus & to maintain monthly and yearly records of pay outs.
Direct cold call conversation with clients on specific issues. Made strategy to      handle difficult or rude employees and managers.
Keeping all the conversation records on mail. 
Also engaged with recruitment & Operations colleagues for deal with complex ER cases. 
Regular coordination with Finance Dept. to ensure the transfer of required funds.


Oct-14 To Feb-15     Country Club India Ltd – Surat, India
Assistant HR

Worked as Generalist and learned about Hospitality Industry by performing the various opportunities as, Delivered and implemented work culture programme for personal by training.
Act as first line of contact for line managers on employee related issues. Another part of Job was – Personality & Grooming checks of employees, organizing employee engagement programmes for Motivation. Reward and recognition programme to get best output & quality service for guest. Including this all HR Functions, Salary, Attendance, Over Time, Incentive, Keeping file records.
Leading on investigations, grievances, disciplinary, appeals and employee relations including salary deductions.

July-14 To Sept-14   Lords Hotels & Resorts Pvt Ltd
HR-Intern   

Started practical training on different HR Functions. Joining Formalities, Induction, Documentation, Muster Roll, Attendance, Time Office, rotational shift, Daily morning meetings, Salary process, Dealing with employees, MS Excel, MIS, Coordination with other departments.  
        

                                   Summary
   
Total Experience 
3 Years
Education
MBA-HR (2012-2014)
Gender
Male
D. O. B
01-June-1990
Country 
India

             

                I confirm that the information provided me is true to the best my knowledge and belief.


                 Date                                                                                                 Hriday Shankar Upadhyay

        
