SERAJ AHAMAD
(B.Tech in EE WITH 7 YEARS +  WORKING EXPERIENCE), Married, Born on – 20/11/ 1986

Passport No :H 1034207
Email: serajkhan786@gmail.com
Contact No-(Mobile) +91-8742959459
Career Objective
Dynamic and result oriented experience electrical engineer willing to embark on a fast track career with organization of repute who can provide me the cross functional experience so that I can add value to organization. Possess excellent interpersonal, communication team building, group dynamics and behavioral skills and better convincing power; to obtain a long-term career with an organization.

Job application :  Electrical Engineer
Skilled in
	•	Complete Erection, pre-commissioning, testing and installation of power distribution system, installation of Distribution Transformer system (DTC) and 33 / 22/11/0.440 Overhead HT/LT line 
	•	Construction of 33/11 KV substation, and 11/0.4KV substation for distribution of power 
	•	Installation and commissioning of SF6, VCB, circuit breaker, RELAY, CT/PT. 
	•	Drawing of Single Line Diagram (SLD) for electrification work, surveying site and finding routes for Electrification and for installation of Electrical equipment for execution.
	•	Erection of transmission line-HT for 33/11 KV and Distribution LT-line 11/0.4KV 
	•	Conversion of overhead(OHE) HT/LT Line  into underground distribution system
	•	Laying of 22/11 KVHT/LT cables for underground system for up-gradation of infrastructure in
	•	Pre-commissioning test (“continuity test, installation test, Earth/Ground test, short/ open circuit test”) for underground cables installation. Fault locating in underground cables by using “Hi-pot test”. Joining two cables for continuing power supply by using “Heat-Sink method.”
	•	Installation of “earthing system” for power distribution, underground cables, and substation.
	•	Project management/ coordination  experience , including interfacing with  contractors and vendors
	•	Design and engineering, Preventive Maintenance.
	•	Root Cause Analysis.
	•	Power plant operation and maintenance
Strengths
	•	Technically skilled.       Good convincing and interpersonal skill.   Ability to solve problem 
quickly.
	•	Leadership quality         Positive attitude. 
Current working:
Company         :AWS Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
 Place                 :            Shahibabad
Designation       :	“Senior Electrical Egineer   “   
Period                :          	1stJuly 2013 to till date.
JOB DESCRIPTION:
system integration, network implementation, data protection and others IT challenges over the region.for distribution of power, and  operation and maintenance work involving in distribution system.I will use our expertise to provide a good and cost effective solution for every Electrical Engg Appliance installed in company.
Privious Experience:
Company          :VOLTAS
 Place                 :            New Delhi, (Delhi).
Designation       :	“Electrical Engineer( Maintenance)   “   
Period                :          	8 Jun 2009 to 24 Jun 2013
Company Profile
India's Largest selling AC Company Voltas Limited, a Tata enterprise, is a single window provider and contractor for end-to-endengineering projects and solutions, which serve a wide spectrum of industrial, infrastructural and commercial applications in India and more than 30 countries overseas.
•
Voltas engineers, manages and executes electro-mechanical projects in numerous domains, incuding HVAC&R, electricals, and water management
•
Voltas designs, manufactures and markets industrial equipment, cooling appliances and materials handling equipment
•
Voltas sources, installs and services diverse technology-based solutions, representing global leaders in their respective domains.
. I will use our expertise to provide a good and cost effective solution for every Electrical Engg Appliance installed in voltas refrigeration and airconditioning .
Job Profile
	•	Working over commissioning of  equipment for industries in areas such as heating, ventilation and air conditioning, refrigeration, construction equipment, materials handling, water management, building management systems, indoor air quality and chemicals.
	•	Erection, commissioning,pre-commissioning test and Installation of electrical Transformer and electrical equipment for complete electrification. Analyzing Root cause of fault in power distribution system, making successful project and knowledge on understanding Electrical Drawings, detection and solving of problems in control circuit considering proper safety of circuit/equipment.  
	•	Trouble Shooting of HT fault, High Voltage Cables, Identifying & locating Cable faults, Over head line faults and Find out a correct action plan in response to customers problems, needs and emergencies.
	•	Responsible for whole erection, commissioning and installation, and QC/QA work of 
electrification.
	•	Extra Techical Work Experience: Inslattation of Power Transformer and Distribution Transformer for Rural Electrification Company 







Education -Qualification 
Degree/Education
University/ Institution
Division
Year of passing
B.Teh. in ELECTRICA ENGG.
UTTARPRADESH TECHNICAL UNIVERSITY LUCKOWUP INDIA
1st
2009
12th (PCM)
CAV INTER COLLEGE ALLAHABAD UP INDIA
1st
2004
10th
HIGH SCHOOL NAUTAN SIWAN BIHAR INDIA
1st
2002


PERSONAL INFORMATION:
Father’s name:  HAKIM SHAI
Date of birth     :  20NOV 1986
Religion             : ISLAM (MUSLIM)
Nationality        : Indian 
Marital status   : single (married)
Gender              : Male




SerajAhamad
(Sr.Electrical Engineer)
