                                          CURRICULUM VITAE

Waseem Siddique
Vill + Post Pipra narayain
Via – G. B Nagar Tarwara
Mob: +91896921420,7484005786
Email:- siddique.technical@gmail.com    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Sub: Application for the post of Civil Foreman / Supervisor

CARRIER OBJECTIVE 
Intend to build a carrier with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. The Civil Foreman performs duties to operation of high rise building & roadways.

WORK EXPERIENCE:
Position: Civil Engineer
From 09/05/2015 to till date



Job Responsibilities
	•	Leads and controls Steel fixers engaged in all activities concerned with the civil works.   Ability to optimize resources (manpower, equipment and materials) to ensure efficient and timely completion of the works. Able to demonstrate good organizational skills, following policies, procedures and work practices.
	•	Ability to read, interpret and follow method statements and procedures, specifications, drawings, and all other discipline related project and engineering documentation.
	•	Commands respect of his workforce, and develop excellent working relationships with all other department personnel.  
	•	Must be a good communicator.Able to give instructions in an efficient and effective way to his workforce.   Liaises with other discipline foremen to ensure the optimum utilization of available work, with the overall objective of successful completion of the project.
	•	Leads and supervises workers engaged in the Steel fixing of buildings and other civil works and assists the Civil supervisor in the coordination and performance or related activities such as setting out, rebar fixing, bar bending etc.
	•	Ensures that work crews are properly supplied with tools, equipment and materials.    Prevents wastage and misuse of equipment, materials and tools.      Supervises work crews to best utilize manpower and materials, exercises discipline at the work site to prevent absenteeism, unsafe work practices and idleness.
	•	Familiar with all Company safety and QA/QC procedures, regulations and strictly enforces them with the workforce under his responsibility.

KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES
The incumbent must have proficient knowledge in the following areas:
Knowledge of steel fixing and building maintenance
Knowledge of safe operation of basic hand and power tools
Knowledge of workplace safetyand safe lifting and handling procedures
Knowledge of First Aid and CPR

Skills
The incumbent must demonstrate the following skills:
Ability to operate required equipment in a safe and responsible manner client service and public interaction skills team building effective verbal and Listening communications skills, time management skills, ability to read building specifications, blueprints and as builds.

Personal Attributes
The incumbent must demonstrate the following personal attributes:
Be honest and trustworthy
Be respectful
Possess cultural awareness and sensitivity
Be flexible demonstrate sound work ethics deal with the public in a positive, courteous and respectful manner
The Carpenter would normally attaint the required knowledge, skills and attitudes through Completion of a Journeyman Carpentry Program combined with related experience. Equivalencies will be considered



Educational Qualification        :     10th   pass   from Bihar Board Examination board Patna
Technical Education 		:     3 Years Diploma in Civil Engineering.
				:     Auto CAD 2016, 3D Modeling 

PERSONAL DETAILS

Name                                          :              Waseem Siddique
Fathers name                               :               Naseem Siddique		: 	  
Passport No			:	  P1045118
Date & Place of Birth                  :              21/09/1997  PIPRA, SIWAN, BIHAR
Place of issue			:	  PATNA
Date of Issue			:	  02/08/2016
Date of Expiry			:	  01/08/2026
Nationality/Religion                    :              Indian/Islam
Marital status                               :              Single
Language Known                        :              English, Hindi, Urdu,Punjabi

     
Date &Place:                                                                                     Signature:
