RAVINDRAN NAIR RAJESH
Thottakkattu House, Chirayakom PO,
Thakazhy (via) Allapuzha dist. Kerala. Pin-688562
E-Mail-  raajesh.naair@outlook.com
Phone 00919947249545


OBJECTIVE
To apply my Professionalism, Potential and Unchallengeable skills in the field of security as Security Supervisor/Security Officer, towards the growth of your esteemed organization and to secure a challenging position for utilizing my skills and expertise while gaining exposure to challenging tasks in your organization.

WORK 
EXPERIENCE
18/02/2014-13/08/2014               JOB TITLE – AIRMARSHAL/AIRSIDE CROSSING                                                                      
                                                    CONTROLLER     
                                       LOCATION- DUBAI INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT, DUBAI.                   
                                       CONTRACTOR- AL NABOODA CONTRACTING LLC
                                                    WORKING FOR-THE DUBAI CIVIL AVIATION 
                                                    AUTHORITY
                                                    CONTRACT STARTED FROM 18 FEB 2014 – TILL DATE
                                                    JOB DESCRRIPTIONS- AIR MARSHAL/AIRSIDE CROSSING             
                                                   CONTROLLER

Selected for to perform the duties of an air marshal/airside           crossing controller for the Dubai civil aviation authority, Dubai    international airport, Dubai, uae.
Underwent two weeks of training conducted by Mr. Gerald Ward Chief Air marshal Al Nabooda Contracting LLC, Dubai, UAE.
Underwent training at the Airside Operation Training Centre,     Dubai.
Attended practical and theoretical classes at the airside operation training center, Dubai.
Appeared and successfully completed the theory and practical     examinations conducted by Dubai civil aviation authority, airside operation training center, Dubai.
Qualified the theory and practical examinations, Taxiway            Crossing controls; rules, regulations, mandatory requirements,    alertness, situation awareness skills, safety and various other 
Factors involved in taxiway crossing control.  Taxiway operation during LVO (low visibility occasions), wet weather and in dust    storms.
Passed and qualified in the examination with distinction with an overall percentage of 93.5
Appeared and successfully completed the theory and practical     examinations conducted by Dubai civil aviation authority, airside operations Dubai.
Qualified the theory and practical examinations, in International Civil Aviation Radio Telephony as per the ICAO set standards, 
phonetics alphabets, authorized usage of standard words and       phraseology, international English language capability, radio        failure procedures, authorized abbreviations and definitions, rules on radio handling/operation, radio transmission readability scales, standards on voice control, standards on aviation radio language,  standards on radio check procedures, standards on       receiving/transmitting procedures, requirements/standards on radio transmitting techniques, Frequencies used in Dubai             International Airport and at Dubai World Center Airport as per the GCAA (Government Civil Aviation Authority) and DCAA,  Knowledge on procedures to follow during checks/examining/   monitoring of a system or procedure, knowledge on maneuvering area driving, driving regulations and rules applicable for driving  inside the airports, understanding of follow me, vehicle escorts, speed limitations inside the airports, physical standards for obtaining the ADP, knowledge about vehicle checklist and procedures before been used inside the airports, vehicles mandatory standards and requirements to drive inside the airports knowledge on low visibility operation procedures, understanding of different makes and types of aircrafts and their engines, understanding of local law enforcement procedures, understanding of international mandatory scales and standards of driving a vehicle or handling an equipment, physical and mental  fitness levels to withstand and perform extra hours of work under stress and extreme climatic conditions.
Passed radio telephony examinations with overall percentage of 92.
Started working for the Dubai civil aviation authority as an air marshal/airside crossing controller.
Successfully completed more than 500 working hours in the Dubai international airport as an air marshal/airside crossing controller without any security/safety incident/occurrence to report against.
   

01/11/2012-14012013                 SECURITY MANAGER (ADMINISTRATION & 
                                                 SAFETY)                                      
                                                 Hailey Buria Estates Ltd, Idukki Dist.Kerala.India

                                                 Job responsibilities include: 
                                                 Supervision & management of the security of the
                                                 The entire estate. Ensuring security to boundaries, land,
                                                Factories, buildings, vehicles, equipment, offices including
                                                Cash, staff, labor quarters and other assets of the company. 
                                                Review of vulnerable points, security risks, placement of   
                                                Security guards and also contract security personnel to make 
                                                It fully productive, responsible, accountable, cost effective. 
                                                Visit to entire boundaries/important points like muster, offices & 
                                                Factories, coffee/tea/pepper collection centers on a daily
                                                basis. Checking/verification of written records/ diaries of all
                                                Security personnel’s. Review of the security setup &
                                                Important activities of the four divisions of the estate of 
                                                Approximately 3750 acres of land and report in weekly review
                                                meeting of managers. Ensuring full documentation of any
                                                removal of company stock.
                     
                                                Safety: - Responsible to ensure safety measures from natural/
                                                man made disasters like fire, floods, mob violence, road &
                                                factory accidents, etc. to company staff & personals.
                                                Ensuring that security & concerned division heads are fully
                                                trained and geared up to meet any of these challenges.
                                               Administration: - Responsibilities including that of maintaining
                                                law and order, discipline, peace, clean & hygienic conditions, 
                                                 restrict illegal/objectionable activities in the property.
                                                 Entrusted to conduct domestic enquiries, initiate disciplinary
                                                 actions and personal & welfare matters. Entrusted with operation 
                                                 company. Ensuring security while handling cash from bank to
                                                 Estate office for payments of wages. Entrusted with handling of
                                                 Legal files of the company, cooperation with company lawyer and 
                                                 appearing in courts on behalf of the company when required.
                                             
                                                   Liaison:-Responsible for liaising and maintaining close                                                                                                                                                                                            
                                                With local/district/state police & administration, for all law and
                                                 Order matters. Entrusted with liaison works related to water &  
                                                 Electricity, revenue, excise, commercial tax, panchayat,
                                                 Labor, transport and other allied departments, whereas required.
                                               
                                                 Reporting directly to the General Manager.
                                                 Coordinating with the respective division managers for smooth
                                                 Functioning of the company.                       
04/11/2011- 10/04/2012            LEAD PROTECTION ENFORCEMENT OFFICER
                                                AC First, Kandahar Air Field (US Army), Afghanistan 

Work experience as a Protection Enforcement Officer (Force Protection, Loss Prevention, and Physical Security) Camp KAF, Afghanistan, Commandeering all types of escorts, follow me, Maintaining the rosters, logs, duty sheets, making/answering radio calls, conducting foot patrols in the area of responsibility, conducting reckie patrolling on demand, vehicle patrolling, guiding the visitors, checking people for their access authorization, checking/controlling the traffic.  Accountable/answerable for all happenings within the area of responsibility, monitoring/supervising vehicle checks, frisking of individuals, radio handling, communications, physical check on accommodations provided by the US Army, inventory, accountability checks of properties of the Military.
Promoted as Lead Protection Enforcement Officer. Authorized and card holder for all types of escorts  by the US Army and by the commander Kandahar Air Field (COMKAF)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 


02/05/2009- 31/10/2011            SECURITY SUPERVISOR - Bestotels, Kottayam, India

Lead role in the team security. Advisor to the manager in all     security matters. Accountable for all security issues including scheduling of all security guards, reporting/discussing all security issues with the manager, maintaining the discipline inside the area of responsibility and conducting periodical check on all security elements. Maintaining/safe custody of all security rosters and logs.

03/09/2007 - 10/11/2008         SECURITY INSPECTOR - Wade Adams LLC, Dubai, UAE

Worked as a Security Inspector of a Security Team of more than 300 men. Scheduling, checking, briefing the team. Led refresher/joining cadre classes and took classes on various security/safety subjects for the security men and other professionals.  Advisor in various security aspects to the Personnel Manager, reporting various administrative and professional matters of security men to the Personnel Manager. Initiated/prepared various reports and returns and incident reports and onwards submission to all concerned. Responsibility of maintaining the security alert and awareness high within security men and the work force of a man power of around 20000 skilled and unskilled laborers and supervisors. Monitored, observed and took actions of all security issues. Lead role in providing loss prevention and physical security for the firm and its men and keeping the morale of the members of the security team high and positive at all times.
02/05-12/06                          SECURITY OFFICER - Camp Arifjan, US ARMY, Kuwait 

22 months of work experience as a Security Officer (Force Protection,         Loss Prevention, and Physical Security), with a team which consisted of Ex-US Army Professionals, inside Camp ARIFJAN, US Army, Kuwait and this includes a period of 6 months duty as Security Personnel outside the Camp (in the HMVEE Refurbishment Site).  Maintaining the rosters, logs, duty sheets, making/answering radio calls, conducting foot patrols in the area of responsibility, conducting reckie patrolling on demand, vehicle patrolling, guiding the visitors, checking people for their access authorization, checking/controlling the traffic.  Accountable/answerable for all happenings within the area of responsibility.


07/12/1990-31/12/2004   SECURITY SUPERVISOR - Bestotels, Kottayam, India

Lead role in the team security. Advisor to the manager in all security       matters. Accountable for all security issues including scheduling of all security guards, reporting/discussing all security issues with the manager, maintaining the discipline inside the area of responsibility and conducting periodical check on all security elements. Maintaining/safe custody of all security rosters and logs.



EDUCATION
HISTORY
                             1986       Completed Pre-Degree under Kerala University
                               
                             1983       SSLC from DBHS Thakazhy under Secondary School
                                                 Of Examinations, Kerala                         

CERTIFICATE 
OF APPRECIATION

	•	Certified for outstanding leadership at the Entry/Exit Control Point for the AMC Compound by Sean O Masse (Security Manager, AC First, Afghanistan) and Fernando A Whitten (Security Supervisor, AC First, Afghanistan for US ARMY) on March 2012.

	•	Certified by the USA while deployed in Afghanistan at Kandahar Airfield (KAF) as Protection Enforcement Officer and as in charge of all ground movements and access control under the NATO with ISAF for the US ARMY.

	•	Certified for professional efficiency by  Col Robert E Scott (Project Manager, ITT, Camp Arifjan, US ARMY) on 01 Feb 2006 for an outstanding job done for protecting the vehicles/equipments and the men inside the HBCT (Heavy Brigade Combat Team) Lot.

	•	Certified for professional efficiency by the Project Manager Col Metzger Vern on 12 Aug 2006    (ITT, Camp Arifjan, US ARMY).


SKILLS

	•	Excellent communication skills, leadership qualities,
	•	Great command over spoken and written English,
	•	Good situation awareness, quick responder, quick learner. Great situation awareness skills, ability of undertaking works for long hours under extreme climates and in severe stressful conditions.

	•	Hardworking with ability to work efficiently and effectively under pressure in order to meet deadlines for long hours, stern in making decisions, cool temperament.

	•	Excellent skills in report writing and preparing Incident Reports.
	•	Excellent computer skills.
	•	7th Kyu belt holder in International Shotokan Karate.


BACKGROUND CLEARENCES
	•	Background clearance issued by the United Arab Emirates, Ministry of Interior, Abu Dhabi Police GHQ
	•	Background clearance certificate issued by the General Director of the General Department of Criminal Evidence Department, Farwania, Kuwait.
	•	Background clearance certificate issued by the Government of India, Ministry of External Affairs.
	•	Accountability clearance issued by Military Attorney, US Army, KAF Afghanistan 

PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth: 31 May 1968

Place of Birth: Chirayakom, Alleppey

Sex: Male

Nationality: Indian

Languages Known: English, Malayalam, Hindi, Tamil

Details of Passport:
                                       Passport No. H 2304427
                                       Date of Issue: 13/01/2009
                                       Date of Expiry: 12/01/2019
                                       Place of Issue: Cochin


DRIVING LICENSES

Driver License: Holder of Indian Driving license for Light Motor Vehicle and two wheelers

