																							RESUME

SAJIN D.V					        																			 
Mobile	   : 8374885943, 8801175144
E-mail	   : sajindhas39@gmail.com 
Skype id: sajindhas39
 
Professional Objective:
To obtain a challenging position in a high quality engineering environment where my resourceful experience and academic skills will add value to organizational operations. 

Experience:
Have professional experience, working as Senior Engineer in Electrical and Instrumentation Department Under SRIKALAHASTHI PIPES LIMITED (Group of Electro steel Castings Limited), Tirupati.(A.P)

Nature of Job and Responsibilities:	
						
	•	Responsible for overall functioning including start-up and regular operation of waste Heat Recovery steam boilers  turbo-generator sets and balance of plant through DCS, PLC based systems, generating 12 MW power and 2.5 MW of Power.
	•	Turbo-Generator set and its protection relays (based on Microprocessor & Electromechanical), Auto voltage regulators (AVR) and synchronizing of TG.sets with grid and DG’S.
	•	Operation and Maintenance of 11 KV Sub-Station with Breakers, Power Panels, Automatic PF Controllers..
	•	Operation and Maintenance of HT/LT Switchgear Equipments, with SF6 and VCB up to 3150A.
	•	Maintenance of Transformers up to 3.5MVA, Generators up to 1000 KVA, 1250KW Motors.
	•	Maintenance of DSL &cranes.
	•	Installing and Commissioning of ACDrives, Temperature controllers, soft starters, flowmeters, motorized control valves.
	•	Maintenance of various Electrical Equipments & calibration.

Core Competencies:

              ●     Handling of electrical loads as per the requirement.
	•	Looking over all Shift Activities of the Plant
	•	Analysis of electrical consumption & consumed demand.
	•	Daily maintain the Overall Plant power consumption report. 
	•	Weekly preparing the Formats of Preventive Maintenance.
	•	Implementing operational control procedure for DG sets, compressors,Breakers,plcs, soft  stators and VFDS etc.,
	•	Preparation of daily work scheduling, material planning and manpower through SAP.
	•	Executing maintenance plans/schedules for reducing machinery down time to minimum and managing waste/discharges as per norms and updating the activities in SAP.
	•	Planning and implementing preventive maintenance schedules of various machineries and instruments to increase machine up time and equipment reliability. 
	•	Man power Management and rectifying the breakdowns.

	•	Taking care of EMP’s, Kaizens, improvements and ISO 9001-14001 documentation as auditor and auditee role.. 
	•	Managing the safety problems to avoid accidents.. 
	•	Identifying and Maintaining Critical Spares and updating records as per the requirements.


Personal Skills:                                                                                                                                                          ●An effective communicator with excellent relationship, management skills, Strong           analytical and organizational abilities.
●Ability to learn quickly is my forte that has helped me successfully manage various jobs   given.

Project – 1:

 Erection and Commissioning of Sinter plant with HT/LT Panels:
 Project Duration: 6 Months
Team Size: 25 Members.

● Discussion with core team Regarding the Requirement of Electrical layout.
● Transformer Capacity of 3 MVA, 2.5MVA Installed.
● Installation and Commissioning of 11 KV HT Panels&LT panels with all protection relays.
● Provided Fully Auto Controlled Cooling System for Transformer
● Testing of all HT Breakers, relays for Transformer and HT panels.
● Testing and commissioning of 7sr relays and cross checked all parameters.
● Commissioning of LT vfds, plcs, softstarters and connected to scada.
● Preparation of All Log Sheets/Data Sheets as per the Requirements.
●Quoted all the Recommended Spares for Emergency.
● Connected All the Feeders to SCADA, for Visualizing the required Parameters and to Control whenever Necessary.
● Prepared Safe Operating Procedure for Smooth and Better Operation and to Avoid Accidents.
● Preparation of Preventive / Shut down Maintenance Checklist for Earth pits and Breakers.
Project - 2: 

Commissioning of Conveyor system with PLC 
Project Duration: 6 Months
Team Size: 13 Members.

● Preliminary Discussion regarding motors, loads for installation of panels.
● Cross checked the load list and electrical drawings.
● Commissioned HT Incomer, transformer 2.5MVA, LT breakers with all protections.
● Commissioned MCC panel with all Conveyor Interlocks with plc. 
● Interlocked the HT panel and LT panels with plc for Remote mode operation.
●Installation of battery panels with all annunciations.
●Scheduled all components with drawings and prepare the layout for checking, calibration&trouble shooting.
● Prepared Safe Operating Procedure for Smooth and Better Operation and to Avoid Accidents.
● Preparation of Preventive /Shut down Maintenance Checklist for motor, breakers, mccpanels, battery charges, earth pits, plcs&starters.

  


Experience Summary:

Presently working as Senior Engineer in Electrical and Instrumentation Under SRIKALAHASTHI PIPES LIMITED, Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh, from July 2011 to Till Date.
Team size: 25 members
Experience: 5.2 years

 SRIKALAHASTHI  PIPES  LIMITED(Group of Electro steel Castings Limited)  is an ISO  9001:2008 & ISO 14001:2004 certified SAP Established company, who are leading in the manufacture of Ductile iron pipes, Pig Iron, Portland slag Cement, Coke & 12 MW Power plant.

Academic Profile:

Pursued BE (EEE) with 78% from Vins.c.college of engineering, Nagercoil ANNA UNIVERSITY (2007 – 2011).

12th (Math’s, Biology) with 81.08% from St.mary’s HSS melpali.

10th with 75.5% from vidya jothi Higher Sec School, marthandam.    


Personal Profile:

Name			          	 	  				:  SAJIN D.V
Father’s Name							:  C.DHAS
Mother’s Name   					:  R.VIJAYAKUMARI
Date of Birth								: 	 17.02.1990
Sex														:  Male
Nationality									:  Indian
Religion											:  Hindu
Passport no     							:  J6936339
Language known					:  English, Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam&Hindi.
Permanent Address 				:  Thottacheri konam, malaicode, Edaicode p.o
                                          Pin:629152,K.k District          

Declaration:

“I hereby declare that the above information's are true to best of my knowledge.”

     
Place 	: Tirupati  			                    												   Name    : sajin d.v
