RESUME

 	JOB APPLIED FOR: CAMP BOSS	
Md Tauqeer Alam
Contact No.: +974 50973211
Email: tauqeeralfurat123@mail.com

 CAREER OBJECTIVE	

Excellent organizational and administration skills with experience in dealing the construction site and high-volume workloads whilst meeting strict deadlines. Good background experience, gained within a variety of contract and voluntary positions. Now aspiring to start a new challenging appointment with a reputable company.


 EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:	

	•	B.A (Hons) Arabic from JamiaTussalafiahVaransi. U.P. India.
	•	B.Com Magadh University, Bodh Gaya, Patna. India.
	•	12th Commerce D.A.V College, Siwan, Bihar. India.
	•	10th R.N.S.H MahaveerGanj. Bihar. India.


 LANGUAGES KNOWN:	


Fluently spoken and written English, Arabic, Hindi, and Urdu.

 TECHNICAL SKILLS:	
Computer Knowledge (Skills: Microsoft Outlook Expert, Microsoft Word Expert, Microsoft Excel Expert, and General Office Specialist)
Available to work extra hours during response operations
  8 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE:	

Najmat Al Furat Trading & Contracting –Doha, Qatar
 Jul’ 24 – 2013 To Present:
Position : Camp Admin and in charge
Roles and responsibilities : Was responsible for the entire camp a work force of

1200 labors and 40 officers, Maintaining documents related to Camp, Stores, Mess, and laundry Camps Management tools, and equipment necessary for the maintenance and operation of the camp facilities Local Purchase for soft furniture, Diesel purchase, Maintaining record for water tanker otherwise meter reading on weekly basis Disposal of sewage water and maintain proper record, Supervision of Staff/Workers Canteen - Co-ordination with Admin.
Dept. For new Arrivals/departures - Co-ordination with Admin. Dept. for distribution of company letters etc. Camp Maintenance, - Supervision for Housekeeping (Cleaning of toilets, corridors, surrounding etc.) Any sick person arranges medication/transportation (If required) Checking rooms every day (Anybody absent or sick) keep record Rooms allotments - Accommodations for new arrivals Disposable of waste materials on daily basis. Room (bed) allotments as per the Company Policies and Procedures
preparing of requisition for the purchase of groceries, vegetables, poultry products on Daily basis maintaining food cost, inspection of the food products, and medical certification for the employees working in the kitchen.
Shapoorji Pallonji Mideast LLC Dubai, UAE 3 years from Feb 2010 - 2013:
Position: Camp Admin and in charge
Roles and responsibilities: Was responsible for the entire camp a work force of 1500 labors and 250 officers, maintaining documents related to Camp, Stores, Mess, and laundry.
Manage labor accommodation which involves cleaning, maintenance occupancy in the camp, safety & security. Ensure discipline in the camp.
Report workers staying in the camp/not reporting to duty on daily basis to HR along with the valid reason on each case.
Daily camp checking, camp total details, daily reports & monthly reports sent to HR department.
Handle all Location of rooms for new coming workers. Keeping updated records of all labors staying in accommodation.
Responsible for the clearance of sewage water from septic tanks and garbage disposals.
Handle immediate first aid and inform doctor in case of emergency.
 ABLITIES:	

Skills in planning and administration Ability to work under pressure
Good analytical skills and solution focused person Demonstrate accountability
Ability to work well in a multicultural teamed

Excellent stress management skills Negotiation and problem-solving skills
Excellent communication and coordination skills

 PERSONAL PROFILE	

Name	:	Md Tauqeer Alam

Father’s Name	:	Haider Ali
Date of Birth	:	15-12-1991

 DECLARATION	

I hereby declare that the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Doha, Qatar.

Date:

(Md Tauqeer Alam).
