				RESUME
     								MEENAKSHI.K
kri1009@hotmail.com
Phone: 9445913305
Alt: 9043913305

	•	Objective

To associate with a progressive organisation and work dynamically towards the growth of organisation. Seeking for the good opportunity where I can train my self professionally and personally in a desirable manner.

	•	Working Experience

Sushilhari International Residential School (CBSE Board)( From June 2014 to Till now)

Working as a Teacher handling 9th & 10th standard Physics.

Educational Qualification

Degree                         Master of Science (75%)
University                    GANDHIGRAM RURAL UNIVERSITY (DEEMED) REGULAR.
Major                           PHYSICS
Duration                      2011-2013
	

Degree                         Bachelor of Science (First Class 71%)
University                    GANDHIGRAM RURAL UNIVERSITY (DEEMED) REGULAR.
Major                           PHYSICS
Duration                      2007-2010



Degree                          Bachelor of education (First class 79%)
University                     GANDHIGRAM RURAL UNIVERSITY (DEEMED) REGULAR.
Major                             Education
Duration                        2010-2011


 Project submitted (M.SC - 2011):

Title: Synthesis, Structural and Spectroscopic Investigations on Samarium Doped Alkali Lead Boro-Tellurite Glasses.
                              
Objective:

         The objective of this project is to study the structural and optical behavior of Samarium doped alkali lead boro-tellurite glasses.

Methodology:  We adopted melting of the mixture method.

Analysis used: We used Luminescence, Radiative Parameters and Judd-Ofelt Analysis.

Summary:                      

The starting materials used in this study are of 99.9% purity.

After mixing the reaction mixture is transferred to a porcelain crucible then it is fired for an hour at 950˚C in the furnace which leads to the formation of molten flex.

Then, it was poured on a hot copper plate maintains at temperature of 300˚C in another furnace and kept for 8 hours to enhance the mechanical strength and the quality of glass prepared.

The prepared glass samples were checked for the amorphous nature using X-Ray powder diffraction technique.

We used FTIR method to determine the vibration spectra.
Then, absorption spectra are determined using U-V Visible Spectrometer.

To find Optical absorption we used luminescence / Fluorescence Spectrophotometer.

From this we have determined the physical properties such as Density, Refractive index, Rare earth ion concentration, polaron radius, inter ionic distance, field strength, electronic polarizablity, molar refractivity, di-electric constant, and reflection losses.


Conclusion:

	•	Finally the XRD pattern confirms amorphous nature of glass.
	•	The IR Spectra indicates the presence of quite significant – OH stretching vibrations, B-O bonds of trigonal BO3 units and the vibrations of B-O-B linkages in the borate network.
	•	The Te-O bonds stretching vibrations in Te-O3 & Te-O4 units also been identified and reported.
	•	The ionic character has been confirmed through optical absorption spectra.
	•	The Jude-OFelt parameters ῼ2, ῼ4, ῼ6 were derived from the absorption spectra.
	•	The intense reddish orange emission has been observed under 488 nm excitation. Based on this we concluded that glass ‘C’ is used as laser active medium for emission at 600 nm.


Project submitted (B.SC - 2007):

Title: Magnetic Susceptibility studies on oils for curing prolonged joint pain as a consequence of chikkun-gunia.
                              
Objective:

         The objective of this project is to study the magnetic susceptibility of these oils and to determine the best one among these oils to be used to cure the prolonged joint pain.

        This is a rural application oriented project which may be helpful to overcome the new outbreak of chikungunya viral fever.


Methodology: Quincke’s Method


Formula used:  K = 2hṕg/H²,Mass susceptibility = 2 hg/H²    

Summary:                      

In this we have adopted Quincke’s method to determine the magnetic susceptibility.
Here we have taken liquid samples and we determined whether it is Dia, Para or Ferro magnet.

         Para magnetic substances are having positive susceptibility value and Diamagnetic substances are having negative susceptibility value, and Ferromagnetic material is large positive value.

       Based on the results we concluded the properties of each oil and we founded Paramagnetic materials are the best oils which can be used for joint pain relief. 

Conclusion:

         Finally we founded that Paramagnetic materials are the best oils which can be used for joint pain relief. 


Project submitted (B.SC - 2007):

Title: Socio & Emotional Climate Of School Students in Dindigul District
                              
Objective:

In this we studied ambience of schools & Emotional characters of School students in Dindigul District
               
Methodology: Descriptive Survey Method

Formula used: Mean, Standard Deviation, Test of Significance
  
Summary: 

Initially we have selected 77 secondary students from two different schools.
We used stratified random sampling technique which will have more statistical efficient.
                 
Conclusion:
      
      In this study, the investigator has attempted to study the Socio-emotional climate of schools. Since the role of the teacher is very important in shaping the personality of the student, it is always necessary to see that the teacher should be well trained not only in academic aspect but also non-academic aspects. Emotional climate of schools should be given due importance in regarding with social climate. For this, the administrator’s role is more important in order to maintain good socio-emotional climate is school.

Achievements

	•	M.SC Project was published on “The International Journal of luminescence”.


Personal Strength

	•	Positive learning altitude.
	•	Creative outlook and clarity of thoughts.
	•	Excellent interpersonal skills.
	•	Self motivated, firm determined, workaholic.
	•	Like to accept challenges.


Personal Profile

Father’s Name             :   N.Kailasam
Date of Birth                :   10-09-1990
Gender                         :   Female
Nationality                   :   Indian
Mailing Address            :   #7/7, Sri Raghavendra Flats,
                                             G-4, “Sai Sankalpa”,
                                             Kuppusami Pillai Street,
                                             Guduvancheri – 603202.

Hobbies
Engaging myself participating in Social services among the people who are at BPL (Below poverty line), Listening and Playing Music.








								Yours Faithfully


								(K.MEENAKSHI)
