
RESUME


MANJU MERIN KOSHY
Email: merin.koshy5@gmail.com



                                                         


Kunchattil House
Thazhakara p.o				            
Mavelikara					             Mobile No.: 9747045337
Alappuzha District                                                    Mobile NO:9495352563
Kerala					
Pin-690102

Objective
      “Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment”.


Educational Qualification
Degree
College
University/Board
Year of passing
CGPA/%
M.E (Communication and Networking)
St.Xavier`s catholic College of Engineering
Anna University
2015
7.9
B.TECH
(ECE)
Musaliar college of Engineering and Technology
MG university
2012
70
12th
ST.Mary`s Residential school,Thiruvalla
Central board of secondry Education
2008
80
10th
Infant Jesus English Medium School Mavelikara
Indian council of secondry education
2006
75









Current Status
                   Working as lecturer in Archana College of Engineering,pandalam.
Additional Qualification

DIPLOMA in Hardware and Networking
Attended Telecom training at RTTC,Trivandrum









Project Profile 
Main Project   : M.E

REVERSIBLE DATA HIDING IN ENCRYPTED IMAGES

Team Size:   1
Period:   1 year
Skills:   Design, Programming in Matlab
Environment:   Matlab
Operating System:   Windows 2007
Current status:   Completed first phase of project

Description:  Internet has made it easier data transfer accurate and faster to the destination. At the same time it is may be easier to modify and misuse the valuable information through hacking. Reversible data hiding (RDH) in encrypted images maintains the excellent property that the original cover can be losslessly recovered after embedded data is extracted while protecting the image content’s confidentiality. In this  method by reserving room before encryption with a traditional RDH algorithm is used . Furthermore, this  method can achieve real reversibility, separate data extraction and greatly improvement on the quality of marked decrypted Images data extraction and image recovery are free of any error

Main Project   : B.TECH

Team Size:   4
Period:   3 months
Skills:   Design, Programming in VHDL, Simulation in Xilinx
Environment:   Xilinx
Operating System:   Windows 2007

Description: 
The HF radar receiver system used for ionospheric measurements, installed at VSSC, Trivandrum. The HF radar system used here works mainly on 18 MHz.. This signal is amplified to 50kW peak power in the transmitter and is fed to the antenna. This electromagnetic energy is radiated into space by antenna array. The backscattered signal from the irregularities are passed through a coherent receiver where the signal is phase detected using two reference signals having quadrature phase relationship. The in phase and quadrature phase outputs of the two phase detectors (sine and cosine channels) have all the information contained in the backscattered received signal. As a part of augmentation, the receiver system of the HF radar to a state-of-the-art Digital Receiver using FPGA technology is to be carried out. 




Special Skills
	•	Versatile
	•	Good Interpersonal skill
	•	Optimistic
	•	Hardworking & Ability to work in a team








Software Skills
	•	Office Package: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Outlook Express
	•	Languages: VHDL ,C.
	•	FPGA Development (Altera, Xilinx)
	•	Analog Development: Resolver-to-Digital Converters, A/D Converters, D/A Converters
	•	Software tools: MATLAB, Simulink, Xilinx

Area of Interest

	•	Communication system
	•	 Networking
	•	Network Security



Conference Profile
	•	Presented a Paper on “REVERSIBLE DATA HIDING IN ENCRYPTED IMAGES” at International Conference on 20th February 2015.
REFERENCES


Dr. Paul A.J Ph.D
Head Of Department
Electroncis and Communication
Musaliar College Of Engineering and Technology
Pathanamthita

Dr.R.P Anto Kumar Ph.D
Head Of Department
IT Department
ST.Xavier`s Catholic College Of Engineering and Technology
Kanyakumari


















Personal Profile	

     Father’s name 		: Koshy V.G
     Mother’s name 	          	: Suma koshy
     Date of Birth          	: 03.11.1989
     Gender			: Female
     Nationality                        : Indian
     Marital Status 	          	: Single
     Languages Known 	: Malayalam, English, Tamil, Hindi
     Mother Tongue		: Malayalam
     Experience                        : Fresher



Declaration
                I (Manju Merin Koshy) hereby declare that the above details furnished by me are true to the best of my knowledge.
				            
Place	: MAVELIKARA                                                                                                         
Date	: 31-08-2015                                                                MANJU MERIN KOSHY

