CURRICULUM VITAE

M.SUBASHREE, B.E., (D.El.Ed)
NO.18/2, NATTAI FLATS,
JAIN COLONY,NANGANALLUR,
CHENNAI – 600061  
PH NO : 7904806126/9940630081
subashree.c@gmail.com


Objective: 
To gain employment as a Middle school physics/Science teacher and continue my professional growth as an educator at one of the country’s most exceptional educational institutions and to encourage and inspire students to achieve their highest potential through a solid and well-rounded education.

Strengths: 
	•	Relative experience teaching physics to higher secondary and Middle school students.
	•	Good  public relations skills, communication skills, and interpersonal skills.
	•	Experience and knowledge in teaching effectively to accommodate various learning styles.
	•	Ability to foster a lively, enthusiastic, and positive classroom learning environment.
	•	Flexible and adaptable to change.
	•	Ability to work independently or in a team environment.
Experience:
Higher Secondary School and Middle School Physics Teacher, 2017-Present (1 year and 2 months) The Ashram  School, Guindy, Chennai.
Responsibilities
	•	Teach physics classes to a diverse array of students of varying ages and abilities.
	•	Plan and organize Laboratory  activities that encourage active student participation, involvement, and team work.
	•	Maintain an orderly, peaceful, and positive learning environment, applying disciplinary measures when necessary.
	•	Encouraged a multimedia and multi-dimensional curriculum.

Senior Quality Inspector, 2011-2012 Alligator Designs Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore.
Responsibilities
	•	Prepared process & quality standard documents for insulation resistance check and bonding resistance check. 
	•	Prepared the methodology for assembling Ferrules.

 Quality Control Engineer, 2010-2011  Southern Electronics Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore.
Responsibilities
	•	Testing & Trouble Shooting of Auto Fire Suppression Systems.
	•	Testing & Trouble Shooting of Audio Visual Alarm for use in dumpers.

Education:
National Institute of Open Schooling, Noida,India
Diploma in Elementary Education (D.El.Ed), 
Currently doing; Centre-Guru Nanak School,Velachery,
2017-Present.


Sambhram Institute of Technology,Bangalore,India.

 Bachelor of Engineering, B.E.,
 Electronics & Communication Department,
 2004-2008, First class.


St.Claret Junior College,Bangalore,India.
Higher Secondary Education,
 Science-PCME,
2004, First Class.


Personal Details:		
Date of Birth              -  27.04.1987
Sex                               - Female
Husband’s Name      -K.Madhanamohan       
Nationality                 - Indian
Religion                       -Hindu.
Languages Known     -Tamil, English, Hindi and Kannada


Declaration:
I hereby declare that the above given information is true to the best of my knowledge.

                                                                                                                     		       Yours sincerely ,   
	  
                                                                                                                                                        [M.SUBASHREE]


























