                                 MANISH RAJ
                                                                                    9564242111       
                                                                                     9110074004
                                                                                     8372850959
                                                                                     manishraj_2003@yahoo.co.in

Working experience :
Started carrier in 1999 in pharmaceutical warehouse , presently handling entire stores functions.
Current employment
Sr. Manager- Stores & Warehouse at Zydus Healthcare Ltd from September 2016 to till date.
Responsibility:  To Set up Warehouse in a New project. Handling all warehouse operations and tracking of Procurement status of Raw and Packing Materials 
Previous employment
Manager- Stores at Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Gangtok from January 2016 to September 2016
Earlier Asst Manager- Stores from October 2013 to  December 2015 at Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Ltd, Gangtok
Responsibility: 
Handling warehouse operations to ensure the compliance related to all the operating    procedures.
General administration in warehouse as per the regulatory standards.
To assure maintaining GMP , regulatory and safety requirements.
Overall responsibility of RM, PM and FG stores.
Working on SAP Support - MM & WM module
Previous employment
Asst. Manager- Stores
From Apr 2010 to October 2013 at Hetero Drugs Ltd.-Baddi.
Responsibility:
Handling warehouse operations to ensure the compliance related to all the operating    procedures.
Authorization of written procedures and other documents, including amendments.
Implementing measures for maintaining safety and cleanliness in the warehouse.
General administration in warehouse as per the regulatory standards.
  Planning of material to assure Raw/ Packing material availability as per production plan  
meet production targets.
Monitoring and control of the environment conditions in warehouse.
To check the maintenance of the department, premises and equipment.   Assist to train Subordinates to develop and to get new responsibilities.
To assure the implementation of measures for maintaining Standard Operating      
Procedure  in warehouse.
To assure maintaining GMP , regulatory and safety requirements.
Previous employment
Sr. Executive- Stores  
From March 20 , 2006 to Apr 2010  at USV Ltd.-Baddi .
Responsibility :
Handling entire Raw Material / Packaging Material  /Finished Goods stores functions .
To assure the implementation of  measures for maintaining Standard Operating Procedure and all safety parameters in Raw Material / Packaging Material / Finished Goods Stores .
Executive- Stores ( April 2005 to March 2006 )
From April 18 , 2005 to 15 March 2006 at Torrent Pharmaceuticals Ltd.-Baddi .
Responsibility :
Handling entire Raw Material stores functions - Receiving , Storing , Issuing , using SAP.
To assure the implementation of  measures for maintaining Standard Operating Procedure in Raw Material Store .
Stores Officer(May 1999 to April 15 , 2005)
From May 1999 to April 15 , 2005 at Cachet Pharmaceuticals Pvt.  Ltd. –  Bhiwadi (a sister concern of M/s Alkem Lab Ltd .) , 
Responsibility
Handling Raw and Packaging stores functions .
Shortages Analysis of  Production plans & schedules and arranging for
Manpower / materials to enable achievement of production targets.
Involved in Effective inventory control and stock management for maintaining the flow of materials and minimize wasting .
Involved in implementing measures for maintaining safety , cleanliness , upkeep, control of contamination  and general administration in warehouse as per the regulatory standards for storage of pharmaceuticals .
Key contributions / achievements:  
Assist to train Subordinates to develop and to get new responsibilities.   
Successfully adapted computerized inventory control system instead of manual bin card system for inventory control for better control and faster and more accurate MIS.
Big role in developing the codification of materials thereby ensuring improved storage and facilitating easy identification of the same. 

Education:
B.Sc. from Vinoba  Bhave University (Hazaribagh)                                           

Professional    
Post Graduate Diploma in Supply Chain Management from Symbiosis-Pune.  
Advanced certificate in PC Application.From NIIT Bokaro centre.

Personal Details 
Name                                :            Manish Raj

Father’s Name                  :            Sri Arun Kumar Singh 

Date of Birth                    :            5th October 1974   

Gender                             :             Male                                                                                                                                                    

Present Address              :            Housing Colony 6th Mile Tadong, Gangtok                                                    

Nationality                       :            Indian    

Key strengths                   :            I believe in my self confidence, remain calm and
                                                         composed in difficult situations, flexible enough for 
                                                         changing environment.

Weaknesses                    :            Some time I be over confident

Reason for change             :          Job Satisfaction with better service​ condition
 MANISH RAJ







