 
GEOLOGIST(HYDROGEOLOGIST, MINERALOGIST AND ENGINEERING GEOLOGIST) WITH 1+ YEARS OF EXPERIENCE
CURRICULUM VITAE - DAN KIBET KISO 
kibetdan4@gmail.com
0710699927
SUMMARY
I have worked with county government of Bungoma as a trainee geologist for 2 months, and later with
Everesta as a junior geologist (hydro-geologist &geotechnical expert) for 2 months. Currently I am working as a hydro-geologist and geotechnical expert with Earth Water Limited. I have had technical experience working on international projects, for instance UNHCR, KRCS among other organizations.
CAREER OBJECTIVE
Geologist with 1+ years of experience in the water, geotechnical, EIA and mineral analysis. Aiming to use my proven geological skills and services to effectively fill the geologist role in your organization. A dedicated worker aiming to help achieve company goals and take on more responsibility as quickly as possible.
SKILLS
G.I.S skills (ArcGIS),
Driver & Taken a certificate course in Safety with the United Nations (undss) 
Geo-Map production for planning and modelling geological structures
Went to rock driving school and did class BCE. I am registered with NTSA
Number 2352399
Interpex 1XD software
Schlumberger Software
Microsoft office
I have proficient knowledge in the use of interpex software for resistivity
Modelling (VES and HEP analysis).
I have found passion in this software as far as VES and HEP modelling is
Concerned
I have worked with Excel sheet, Power Point, word, spreadsheet, among other
Microsoft office elements to integrate data in various soft wares and for
Detailed analysis.
Seisimager
Analysis of the subsurface conditions for gravity surveys
EXPERIENCE
Apr-2018 - Till Today
Earth water limited
Hydro geologist and
Geotechnical expert
Site investigation for dams, pans
Geophysical surveys and G.I.S mapping
Geotechnical and Hydrogeological reporting
Worked on complex geological settings like Mozambique belt prospecting for
Water and design of sand dams.
Drilling supervision
Feb-2018 - Apr-2018
Everesta water limited
Junior hydro geologist
Geophysical, Geotechnical and hydrogeological surveys and reporting.
Drilling supervision
Jun-2016 - Aug-2016
Bungoma county government
Hydro geologist
Groundwater survey and management
May-2016 - May-2017
South Eastern Kenya University

 
Geology Student
Field work 3rd and 4th year as part of my course work. Carried out
Geophysical modelling, mineral identification both hand specimen in the field and Petro-graphical laboratory analysis.
PROJECTS
Project Name: Pinying water project-Narok County
Role: Hydro-geologist and Geotechnical expert
Team Size: 3
Project Duration: 2 Day
Project Detail
The project entailed the mapping of groundwater so as to advice on the Borehole drilling to serve the community. The project also entailed dam Investigation, where a trial pit was dug at the reservoir to ascertain the type of soil and its characteristics to retain water. Vertical electrical soundings were also executed at the dam axis or the dam embankment to determine the type and the strength of rocks to withstand the force of water and its weight.
Project Name: Sogoo water project-Narok
Role: Geotechnical expert
Project Detail
Team Size: 3
Project Duration: 1 Day
The project entailed the mapping of the subsurface so as to advice on the best intake tank site location in reference to the basement rock type. The project also entailed treatment tank site investigation, where a trial pit was dug to ascertain the type of soil and its characteristics to control waste Seepage. Vertical electrical soundings were also executed to determine the type and the strength of rocks. A trial pit was also dug at some other point for a tank site investigation. Later the soil samples were send to the laboratory for analysis and to determine their atterberg limits.
Project Name: Olopikidongoe water project-Narok
Role: Hydro-geologist and Geotechnical expert
Team Size: 3
Project Duration: 1 Day
Project Detail
It comprised of pan investigation, borehole survey and septic tank site investigation. A number of VES were executed with trial pits done. All these were ascertain the subsurface conditions of the rocks and soil.
Project Name: Bungoma county-Borehole supervision
Role: Hydro-geologist
Project Detail
Team Size: 4
Project Duration: 3 Day
The project entailed geological logging, geophysical logging, and test pumping Exercise to determine the aquifer characteristics
Project Name: KRCS-Nalekat Duba pump
Role: Hydro geologist
Project Detail
Team Size: 4
Project Duration: 3 Day
Supervision of borehole test pumping exercise at Nalekat Duba pump-Pokot
East Red cross of Kenya.
Project Name: Merti project
Role: Hydro geologist
Team Size: 15
Project Duration: 3 Year

 
Project Detail
I had the privilege to take part in part of the project. It was a three year Project sponsored by both the national government and NGOs.The project was cutting across Garissa, Marsabit and Wajir Counties. The aim was to map the aquifers within the region so as to advice on the best site for boreholes development to meet the high demand for water due to scanty rainfall throughout the year.
EDUCATION
Degree/Course
Percentage/CGPA
Year of Passing
Bachelor's degree in Geology
Second Class Honours (Upper Division)
2017
South Eastern Kenya University 
Kenya certificate of secondary Education
Bungoma high school
B (Plain)
A-(Minus)
2012
2008
Kenya Certificate of Primary Education
All Saints Academy
ACHIEVEMENTS
Created a geological
Database, Carried out geophysical exploration and geotechnical surveys. Mineral Exploration in Matuu-Migwani area.
I have made it easier to retrieve geological records for planning and Management of geophysical, geotechnical and hydrogeological investigations at earth water limited using the GIS (ArcGIS software). The geological mapping exercise in Kitui County has been a success to the University and the County Government of Kitui.
STRENGTHS
Integrate Geological knowledge in GIS for easy fieldwork planning and management of data, Complete
assignments and tasks on time and within the budget
AREAS OF INTERESTS
Geological (Mineralogy), geotechnical, Geophysical/hydrogeological surveys and reporting
HOBBIES
Travelling, outdoor activities and reading
PERSONAL DETAILS
Address
 65-50201
ID NO.
Date of Birth
Gender
 31700980
April, 24, 1994
Male
Nationality
Kenyan
Marital Status
Language
Single
English, Kiswahili, Bukusu, Kalenjin

 
REFERENCES
Mr.Chrysantus Gicheru
Senior Hydro geologist BSc, MSc.						Director-Earth Water Limited
gichmuch@yahoo.com/0722712469

Mr. Maxwell Barasa
Hydro geologist-Rural 				  			Director Everesta Water Limited
Focus
max@everesta.co.ke/0722214230

Mr. Moses Ongoro
County Water Director
0722488993
                        County Government of Bungoma



































































