




ALFRED (YI) ZHANG
 CONTACTS


	

A UI/UX Designer with an edge on Visual Design and Graphics. I aim to improve people’s life through tackling difficult design challenges and creating sensitive and reliable design solutions. Let’s “coffee” over the future of design and computational aesthetics.
 www.alfredyizhang.com Alfred4124@icloud.com 778-846-7037


SKILLS - UI/UX DESIGN AND SOCIAL SCIENCE RESEARCH
Visual Design, Graphic Design, User Research, Qualitative and Quantitative Research, Marketing, Report Writing, Media

EXPERIENCE	EDUCATION




Visual Design, Co-op
Mobile Banking, Royal Bank of Canada
May 2018 - Aug 2018 | 4 Monthes Toronto, Canada

Focuses: Sketch Nested Symbols, Global Symbol Library, Reusable Components During my 4 months in Mobile Banking, I contributed to the release of Mobile 2.0 through developing and managing new component library, creating screens for new projects, defining UI specs for development team and creating mock-up screens for user tutorials.



Visual Design, Co-op
Rewards and Offers, Royal Bank of Canada
Jan 2018 - April 2018 | 4 Monthes Toronto, Canada

Focuses: Visual Guidelines, Web Home Page, Promotional Banners
Optimized the design process for the production of RBC Rewards Web homepage hero banner. Presented the visual solution to SMG(Senior Management Group). Worked collaboratively with
 Simon Fraser University
May, 2014 - Present
Bachelor of Arts, Communication and Interactive Arts & Technology Joint Major

University of Leeds
Sep, 2017 - Jan, 2018
Study Abroad, Communication and Media Studies

Zhejiang University of Media and Communications Sep, 2012 - Jan, 2014
Transferred, Exhibition Economy and Management


REFERENCES

product design director and content designer to define visual standards and create style guide	 	

that ensures the banner space works on various devices and on brand with RBC’s products.



Multimedia, Summer Associate Dyad.com
May 2015 - Aug 2015 | 4 Monthes Shanghai, China

Focuses: Promotional Material, Annual Event Brochure, Multimedia Production
Served as multimedia specialist overseeing multimedia content production in our
annual promotional event. Responsible for all graphic design related tasks include an annual event brochure, online webinar posters, job posts and covers for a series of social media posts. Photographed company retreat to Echelon Asia Summit 2015 in Singapore.
 Alessandro Drago Director, Mobile Design Royal Bank of Canada
alessandro.drago@rbc.com

Neelan Rach
Director, Digital Product Design Royal Bank of Canada neelan.rach@rbc.com

Jason Mills
Senior Manager, Visual Design Royal Bank of Canada jason.z.mills@rbc.com
