Curriculum Vitae


Saurabh Kishorbhai Seta

E-107, Chhatrapati Shivaji Township,      			+919714310693
Near Amrut Residency-3,                                        saurabhseta1@gmail.com
B/h Railnagar,
Rajkot-360 001
Gujarat


Career Aspiration:

	•	By acquiring knowledge, expertise and a familiarity with the organization’s culture, I want to contribute towards realizing organization’s vision and become its integral part.
	•	To pursue a dynamic and challenging career with an organization of repute which gives value addition to the organization as well as offers opportunity to enhance professional skills while getting a high level of satisfaction and recognition
	•	To obtain challenging and responsible position in an organization wherein I can contribute to the successful growth of an Organization using my abilities and knowledge.


Professional Experience:


With CA Firm:

I have worked As An Audit Executive in Hiren Padiya & Co., Chartered Accountants, Rajkot (Gujarat).

Period		: From July 2013 to June 2014

In the aforesaid training period, I was mainly involved in statutory and tax audits, Internal Audits of the public Company, Private Company, Partnership Firm, Individual etc. and office administration.

In the above mentioned Entities, Consultancies in the field of Service tax has also been provided in addition to Audit.




With ICICI Bank (Rajkot) :

I have worked As An Credit Officer in ICICI Bank, Loan Department in Rajkot Branch.

Period		: From June 2014 to April 2015

My job profile was to review personal loan application form filled by the customers, preparation of loan and EMI structure, verification of personal loan documentation and Preparation of Management Information System (MIS) on personal loan of Branch. 









With Taageer Finance Co SAOG (Muscat, OMAN) :
	
I have worked As An Accountant Cum Treasury Officer in Taageer Finance Co SAOG, Treasury department in Muscat, Oman

Period		: From May 2015 to November 2016

I was handling the treasury department, monitoring short term and long term loan as well as bank reconciliation for the organization.




With Dealing Beneficial Financial Services Pvt. Ltd. (Rajkot) :

Currently I am working As An Accountant Cum IT Officer with Dealing Beneficial Financial Services Pvt. Ltd. (NBFC) approved by RBI.

Period		: From December 2016

My job profile is to review all secured & unsecured loan application form filled by the customers, preparation of loan and EMI structure, verification of all type of loan documentation, Preparation of Management Information System (MIS) on secured & unsecured loans of Branch, As well as Involved In Accounting Part & Bank Reconciliation Of The Organization. 


Academic Qualifications:

	•	I have Cleared Std. 10 in 2008 with 69.38% with Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board.

	•	I have Cleared Std. 12 in 2010 with 70.86% with Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board.

	•	I got the degree of Bachelor of Commerce in 2013 with 57.65% with Saurashtra University.

	•	I have Cleared CPT Exam in 2012 with 52% with The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India.


Computer Proficiency:

	•	Having working knowledge of computers in MS Office accounting packages like TALLY.
	•	Familiar with Internet Operations.
	•	Can easily adapt to any software or any computerized environment.


Strengths & Skills:

	•	Strong leadership skills with an ability to motivate teams in achieving targets and goals
	•	A self confident person and believes in smart & hard work.
	•	Achievement oriented with an ability to manage change with ease.
	•	Ability to handle multitasking.
	•	Quick Learning, Adaptability, Loyalty are my greatest asset.





Personal Profile:
  
Father	: Kishorbhai M. Seta
Mother	: Bhavnaben K. Seta
Date of Birth	: 10th June 1993.
Languages Known	: Gujarati, Hindi and English
Marital Status	: Married
Hobbies & Interests	: Expanding knowledge, Listening Songs


Yours truly,

	
Saurabh K. Seta
