Curriculum vitae
MASINDE SIMON WAMALWA
Sex               : Male                                       Date of Birth: 07th April 1991
Religion       : Christian                                 Marital status: Married 
Nationality   : Kenyan                                   Language       : English and Swahili 
I.D No          : 27852642                               Address          : Private Bag – 10400 Nanyuki.
Mobile          : 0723124651                           Email             : wamalwahsimon@gmail.com
                      : 0725920015
Objective

I look forward to work in a challenging environment, where my hard work is valued and recognised and where I can develop my career by pursuing further education. I endeavour to positively contribute towards the success of my employer and to one day be at the helm of decision making.
Employment

POPE JOHN PAUL 11 HURUMA HEALTH CENTRE – NANYUKI [ Dec 2016 - To Date]

SENIOR ACCOUNTANT

Preparation of management accounts as per the international accounting standards and Internal Control System.
Maintaining the Hospital Assets and the liabilities register.
Administration of the general hospital payroll and the submission of the statutory deductions to the relevant authorities on time.
Accounting for the general ledger expenses and allocation of general ledger expenses.
Preparation of the Hospital Budget and comparing to the Actual Hospital performance to establish any variance to the budgets and why.
Preparation of budget and the Accounts commentary for the management decision making.
Preparation of Cashflows and the financial forecasts for the management’s decision making.
Overseeing the donor funded project in our hospital – HIV/AIDS Project and reporting back to the donor on the project performance by evaluating the budget status against the actual project.
Reconciliation of the Hospital Statement of Financial Position to keep an updated position of the Hospital Assets and liabilities by passing journals to correct the over and understating’s.
In charge of all Hospital Audits both internal and external.
Overseeing the Finance Department by motivating the Staff’s under me and ensuring production among all the staff’s through attaining the hospital targets.


EVEREST ENTERPRISES LTD               [Jan 2016 – Dec 2016 ]
 SENIOR ACCOUNTANT 

In this position I am performing the following tasks:
Preparation of Group Management Accounts for the management decision making as per the International Accounting Standards.
Initiating and review of the group internal control system and implementing them across the group through the departmental heads. 
Preparation of the Group annual budgets and Accounts commentaries for the ease of planning within the departments.
Audit of Petty cash on weekly, monthly and annual basis for internal control purposes.
Group cashflow projections on weekly, monthly and annual basis.
Payroll Administration through Payplus software
Liaising with the external Auditors i.e PKF Kenya and the KRA for tax compliance.
Preparation of the crop and product costing reports for the decision making purposes.
Initiating and creating business strategies to enhance the shareholders’ value for their investment in the business.
Coordinating the allocation of funds to mutually exclusive projects within the group.
Monitoring and servicing of guaranteed loans by the subsidiaries in the group and taking follow up action on the recovery of funds owed to the group by other debtors.
Group tax computation and filling to the KRA on timely basis.
Timely posting and allocation of income and expenses to the correct general ledger Accounts




FINLAYS HORTICULTURE KENYA LTD               [May 2014 – Dec 2015 ]
 ACCOUNTANT 

In this position I am performing the following tasks:
Maintaining the accounts payables. 
Timely filling of monthly statutory deductions- NSSF,NHIF and PAYE
Payroll Administration of over 1,700 employees.
General ledger accounting: Payroll journal vouchers preparation.
Preparation of end month accruals and prepayments.
Monthly maintenance and reconciliation of balance sheet schedules.
Posting of Debtors invoices into the accounting system 
End month stock take.
Playing a key role in the periodical reports of the finance department.
Monthly bank reconciliations.


EVEREST ENTERPRISES LTD         [January 2012 – April 2014]
ACCOUNTANT
	•	Preparation of weekly farm management accounts for decision making purposes.
	•	Farm payroll Administration.
	•	Weekly produce reconciliation and farmers payment.
	•	Daily, weekly and monthly petty cash accounting.
	•	Timely filling of statutory returns on monthly basis.
	•	Lounging VAT claims to Kenya Revenue Authority.
	•	Preparation and filling of VAT via Itax
	•	Monthly bank reconciliation and maintenance of cheque register.
	•	Posting all rental income receipts against tenant ledgers
	•	Posting of all rental income against tenant ledgers on monthly basis.
	•	Intercompany Reconciliations.
	•	Company bank agent.
	•	End month stock take.









PROFFESIONAL AND EducationAL BACKGROUND

Northwood College – Nanyuki
Certified Investment & Financial Analyst ( CIFA) Part 1 ( January – June 2018)

Northwood College – Nanyuki
Certified Investment & Financial Analyst ( CIFA) Part 2 ( July – December 2018)

Excel Institute of Professionals
Certified Public Accountant Part 3(Sec 5 & 6 )[ Jan 2016–June 2016 ]
Kenya Institute of Management
Diploma in Project Management  [April 2014 - Sept 2015]

Excel Institute of Professionals 
Certified Public Accountant Part 2(Sec 3 & 4 )[Jan 2012 – June 2012 ]
Excel Institute of Professionals
	•	Certified Public Accountant Part 1 ( Section 1 and 2)[ Jan 2010 – June 2010]
	•	
	•	
	•	Bungoma High School                                       [ 2005      –        2008 ]
	•	Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education (K.C.S.E)
	•	Marobo Primary School                                      [1997      _         2004 ]
	•	Kenya Certificate of Primary Education (K.C.P.E)
	•	
	•	
	•	ADDITIONAL TRAININGS AND WORKSHOPS.
	•	
	•	IFRS Training                                                   -  KPMG Auditors
	•	Epicor ERP
	•	Pastel Accounting
	•	Quick Books.
	•	Workmate SQL Payroll software
	•	Pay plus Payroll Software
	•	Tally
	•	KRA Training – Itax                                          - KRA.
hematics INTERESTS AND STRENGTHS




Knowing more about the corporate world
Team work and team building
Enthusiastic and quick learner
Punctual and keen at work

Hobbies





Socializing  
Travelling
Reading news papers
Team building




Referees
1. Mr. John K. Mutunga                                       
Group Chief Accountant                                        
Everest Enterprises Ltd                                    
P.O Box 22866 – 00100                                                  
Nairobi                                                                                            
Mobile:0722-256 845                                                


2. Mr. John W. Karuga                                        
Chief Executive                                                   
Everest Enterprises Ltd                                       
P.O Box 52448 - 00200                                          
Nairobi                                                              
Mobile: 0722-720 876                                                                               

3.  Mr. Jelvasio N Njiru
Management Accountant
Flamingo Horticulture Kenya Ltd
P.O Box Private Bag -10400
Mobile: 0724 323 799
Nairobi
