                                                  CURRICULAM VITAE

NAME: Sujatha Sivasankar

EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS:

Presently pursuing Certified Management Accountant (CMA) Course, after office hours

Successfully passed ISO Lead Auditor Exam.

M.Com from University of Madras- 2000-2002

B.com from Madurai Kamaraj University-passed out with Distinction-1985-1988


EXPERIENCE:

Finance Accountant:(Nov 2015- Present)
Working with Hyflux EPC LLC in Azaiba ,Muscat . Handling Payables,Bank Reconciliation and Monthly reporting. Using Oracle Accounting package.



Senior Accountant: (July 2013-May 2015)

  Was employed with a leading SME Financing Company in Muscat. Reported to DGM. Overall in charge of Accounts and Finance and Coordinated with Internal and External Auditors.


Senior Accountant-(Aug 2009-June 2013)
         Was employed as Senior Accountant with a leading Trading & Contracting Co. in Muscat. It is a multi divisional organization which provides turnkey solutions for various divisions Such as Security and Automation, Oil and Gas, HVAC, Vehicle Tracking Systems and Telecommunication.

Job responsibilities and duties: 

	•	Receivables follow up: Follow up with customers for collections. Calling customers, sending statements, emails, reminders and reconciling balances, where necessary. 

	•	Banking Transactions: Bank receipt entries, Bill wise adjustment of the same, daily update of bank position. Made sure that cheques deposited are credited to the Account and direct bank deposits are brought into the books.

	•	Bank Reconciliation Statements: Preparation of monthly Bank Reconciliation Statements. Checked for any irregularities, like issued cheques are not cleared in time, or cheques deposited are not credited.

	•	Invoicing: Timely invoicing for HVAC division, submission of invoice to customers and data entry of the same. Made sure that all DO's are invoiced in time and ensured the accuracy of the same.

	•	Reports: Cash and Bank Daily report, Payment & Receipt Flow Report on daily basis, Receivables (follow up) report on a weekly basis, Analysis of Receivables Report on weekly basis, Collection Report on Monthly basis- before 5th of next month and Expected Collections report on Monthly basis.



 Accounts Executive with Nittany Decision Services- June 1997-Dec 1997

(Nittany Decision Services, pioneers in setting up the first US Medical Billing offshore services from India in 1995).

Handled the complete accounting cycle, including opening, posting entries and closing of accounts and preparation of various accounting reports Handled tasks related to cash disbursement and cash reconciliation.


Junior accountant with sterling group of companies, Madras. June 1992-june 1994

Performed accounts payable functions. Ensured compliance with accounting deadlines. Monitored and recorded company expenses.



Management trainee with TVS Sundaram Motors. - Dec 1991-May 1992

Was trained in the fixed deposits section. Was involved in interest calculations and payments and renewals of deposits.

C.A.Articleship with M/S.S.Viswanathan, Chartered accountants, Madras-1985-1988

Conducted Audits of various companies including W.S.Industries, Apollo Hospitals etc.


ACHIEVEMENTS

	•	Won Best Speaker award twice &  Best Evaluator once during intra zone contest by Toastmasters International
	•	
	•	Held the Post of VP-Education in the Company's Toast Masters Club.

	•	Created a record in the monthly collections of Receivables.
HOBBIES

Freelance writer in English magazines, Newspapers and websites.


TRAINING PROGRAMMES UNDERGONE

	•	Proficient in Tally. 

	•	Exposure to Promis ERP, and Microsoft Dynamics AX.


	•	8 weeks Programme for Management and Leadership skills conducted by Toastmasters club international.

	•	Advanced course in MS Excel & MS Word-Conducted by ICMA Oman.

	•	Successfully completed a course on "Team Building Exercise" conducted by ICMA, Oman.


PERSONAL DETAILS

Date of Birth			 : May 26, 1968
Sex				 : Female
Nationality			 : Indian
Marital Status			 : Married
Spouse Name		             : G.L.Sivashankar
Languages known		 : English, Tamil
Passport No.                            : P9497965
Passport Validity Date             : 17/10/2017





CONTACT DETAILS:

E-MAIL: susiesankar@gmail.com
GSM      : +968-91206874/ +968-96596127

Available to join immediately.

NOC available.

