Geoffrey Makoe



E-mail :
 gmakoe@gmail.com
 Phone :
 +254713981041

Address:	Nairobi, Kenya


Summery	

Highly detail-orientated and organised self-starter who works well independently to get the job done. Motivated individual offering a strong work ethics and positive attitude.
Highly effective in fast-paced working environments. Enthusiastic and fast learner and can deliver results quickly.
High-energy, resourceful and persistent individual, who seeks a position with an agency that serves high-end clientele.
Detail-orientated professional with superb people skills.
Efficient, accurate and detail-orientated individual with an innate drive to provide exceptional service.


Personal Values	

Honesty/Integrity/Morality Adaptability/Flexibility.
Dedication/Hard-Working/Work Ethic/Tenacity. Dependability/Reliability/Responsibility.
Loyalty.
Positive Attitude/Motivation/Energy/Passion. Professionalism.
Self-Confidence.
Self-Motivated/Ability to Work with Little or No Supervision. Willingness to Learn.


Career Objective	
Seeking a position with a company which will require me to utilize my skills, abilities and experience to ensure the company's/institution’s success.


Work experience	
Rama Homes ltd.	June 2017 — To date
Sales Executive

Meet potential clients and demonstrate to them the company product and services Selling property to identified potential clients
Establishing relationships with the clients, maintaining and nurturing business relationships with the existing and new clients with an objective of increasing company revenue
Formulate sales strategies based on the company’s objectives and budget
Conduct market research, understand the profile of the target consumer, their needs and requirements Preparing accurate and timely quotations as per the client’s needs
Keep records of sales figures and the results of all marketing initiatives Deal directly with end consumers as a way of closing sales.

Coordinate all promotional, marketing and advertising activities.
Take part in customer feedback surveys and work out ways to garner higher profits.
Regularly meet target sales as set up by management by implementing the approved sales and marketing strategies.
Take part in sales meetings and present reports about the sales and marketing figures.
Preparing sales contract terms as per client’s needs and discussing the same to customer’s satisfaction after necessary approval
Preparing comprehensive and timely reports
Delivery on daily company standards and adhere to service and quality standards



Asante Tiwi Charitable Trust	September 2015 — June 2017
Manager

Performed general office duties and administrative tasks.
Prepared weekly confidential sales reports for presentation to management. Managed the internal and external mail functions.
Provided coaching, mentoring, and consultation to staff to enhance staff development. Planed strategies and implement the organization’s services and projects
Resolved problems, evaluate programs and approve the annual budget and report
Served as a representative in the organization while attending charitable programs and other community services Offered administrative guide to volunteers, assign their work and schedule
Documented new policies, decision and fill in documents to create organizational charts and other archives Participated and attended meetings with the sponsors and other government official
Possess a wide knowledge regarding the rules and policies of government agencies and others

Smartlinks Safaris	June 2015 — September 2015
Travel Consultant

Administered online Marketing functions.
Provided information to clients concerning local, interstate and international tours, travel routes, accommodation, local customs, fares, and travel regulations
Discussed client's travel requirements and advise on suitable options Planed, prepared and costed itineraries (travel plans) for clients Made travel, accommodation and related bookings
Confirmed bookings and notify clients of luggage limits and insurance, medical, passport, visa and currency requirements
Issued accommodation vouchers and all relevant documentation Collected payments and maintain records of transactions
Assisted with changes to travel arrangements and bookings where required.

Jambo Rafiki Travel Services	April 2014 — May 2015
Operations/Marketing Manager

Identified, understood and defined customer needs, objectives and business requirements, design a solution that can best meet the Client's requirements.
Developed sales presentations that related to the co-existence between tours & Travel companies with Hotel Industry.
Stay up to date with new trends within tourism and Travel Technology.
Supported prioritized sales cycles, helping with strategy, competitive positioning, demonstrations and presentations.
Communicated the business requirements to implementation team after completion of sale to ensure a smooth transition from pre-sale to implementation stages.
Ensured appropriate qualification, scoping & mobilization of bids.
Developed and tracked the key Accounts, Customers brought on board, including monitoring and tracking the sales activities and provide regular progress reports to the management.

Public Relations and Customer Service.
Expertise level experience with client customization add-on, report, query and support.

Liberty Tours and Travel	January 2012 — March 2013
Product Design Manager

Consistently achieved target packages of every season in the year Was able to handle training for school graduates.
Providing prompt service delivery to Corporate and key accounts. Sales forecasting and planning
Coordinating new projects across departments and contract renewals (Service Contracts) Head of Customer Product Training and Promotion Programme (Kampala)

Hotel Africana	March 2011 — September 2011
Industrial Training

Registration of guests and assigning rooms
Maintained an inventory of reservation, vacancies and room assignments
Answered inquiries regarding hotel services, provide assistance and respond to guests' complaints Greeted customers, escorting them to seats, taking food and drink orders, and serving food and beverages
Answered questions regarding the hotel services, explaining menu items and specials, and offering personal attentive treatment.
Co-coordinated with team workers to plan events/parties

Holiday Express Hotel	August 2010 — March 2011
Industrial Training

Registration of guests and assigning rooms
Maintained an inventory of reservation, vacancies and room assignments
Answered inquiries regarding hotel services, provide assistance and respond to guests' complaints Greeted customers, escorting them to seats, taking food and drink orders, and serving food and beverages
Answered questions regarding the hotel services, explaining menu items and specials, and offering personal attentive treatment.
Co-coordinated with team workers to plan events/parties


Achievements	

Was able to reach the monthly sales target as required by the company


Education	
Award: Bachelor of Tourism	August 2009 — January 2014
Institution: Makerere University


Award: Uganda Advanced Certificate of Education
Institution: Bududa Secondary School
 Feburuary 2007 — December 2008


Award: Uganda Certificate of Education	Feburuary 2001 — December 2004
Institution: Bududa Secondary School

Interests	
Music, Reading,
Painting watching football traveling


References	
Niodemus Omenge Director Smrtlimks Safaris
Mobile phone: +254711542309 Email: mtr84b@gmail.com

Mwaura John
Equity Bank. Kenya ltd
Mobile phone: +254721731923 Email: stontosha@yahoo.com

Christine Rottland
Asante Tiwi Kenya Charitable Trust Mobile phone: + 254717783099 Email: christine_rottland@yahoo.com
