Loren Shevitz

Type your address here
773-665-1234

SUMMARY
Demonstrated achiever with exceptional knowledge of international markets, business practices, and trade regulations. Strong marketing and finance background combined with fluency in several languages, including “Advanced Level” U.S. State Department certification in Russian Language Reading Comprehension. Skilled at learning new concepts quickly, working well under pressure, and communicating ideas clearly and effectively. Extensive computer training, including knowledge of multiple networking environments and business software packages. Enthusiastic and experienced in overseas travel.

EDUCATION
Masters Degree in Russian & East European Studies (1990)
George Washington University (The Elliott School of International Affairs), Washington, D.C.

B.A. Degree in Foreign Languages (1988)
University of Miami, Coral Gables, FL
Concentration in Russian, Spanish, French, & Italian; graduated cum laude with 3.8 G.P.A.

Completion of Intensive Language Training Program (1989)
Leningrad Polytechnic Institute, Leningrad, U.S.S.R.

CAREER HISTORY & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Assistant to the Director of Business Development, Healthinfusion Inc.	1994
Worked directly with Director of Business Development and Director of Strategic planning of this large, publicly-traded provider of home health care services. Researched and wrote marketing, financial, and feasibility reports concerning new business acquisitions and acquisition prospects. Played key role in preparing a successful $5 million federal grant proposal to provide the company’s Home Infusion Therapy to rural U.S. areas. Prepared corporate financial reports and service contracts for the CFO.

Russian and East European Coordinator, Trans-Chemical Corporation	1993
Held key responsibility in this small import/export company for helping facilitate trade deals with the Former Soviet Union and Eastern Europe. Served as interpreter and translator for Vice President in major business negotiations. Reviewed company compliance with all applicable customs laws and procedures. Initiated multiple overseas joint ventures and served as liaison for foreign customers on business in the U.S.

Administrative Assistant to the Vice President, Ford Motor Company	1991-1992
Handled administrative functions for the Vice President of Ford’s Executive Car Lease Program, a sales division catering primarily to the diplomatic community and the federal government. Assisted in preparing contracts and sales proposals for customers. Established reports to track products throughout the United States and develop further customer contacts for Ford Motor Company.

MEMBERSHIPS & AFFILIATIONS
Founding member of the Former Soviet Union Florida Chamber of Commerce
Member, American Association for Advancement of Slavic Studies
Member, World Affairs Council



Copyright © 1997 by the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.
