     Mukesh kumar
                 Mobile No.  :- 09714502039,09928195508 Email:-mjangir35@gmail.com 
                             Seeking assignments in Logistics with an organization of repute
                  Location Preference : Bhuj (Gujrat),Delhi/NCR, Ahmdabad , Rajasthan & North India
Career Obejective :- 
   A Challanging position in any organization where I can prove my skills and strenghen my knowledge in conjuction with organization goals and objectives.

Executive Summery

Prossess an experience of over 1 year + in logististics ,strong in areas involving,inventory management, stock Analysis and operation management, including working as a team,planig, suggestion and providing status and feedback, reports etc.

Currently Employed At :-

	•	Working as an Associate in GatiKwe with project on snapdeal at smalkha(Delhi)
                                                                                 From july 2014 to 25.10.14
	•	Working as an accountant in Om Logistics with on logistics at bhuj (Gujrat	 
        From november 2014 to till date  
            Key Resbonsibilities as Warehouse Associate – As an Assistant Warehouse executive my responcibilies is Managing incoming(receving) activies.

Software in Use :- WMS(Uniware)…………….
Key Responsibilities – As Warehouse Associate

  Job profile consists of the following:

         Handle FMCG Inventory.
        Daily cycle count of inventory.
        To ensure right SKU in right quantity move from inventory to scaning area.
        Provideng timely FMCG stock detail to the regional office/ HO.
        Ensuring proper and safe Qc of goods.
        Supporting to my team with help of on time communication.

Operation Management :-

∆  Working with WMS (Uniware).
∆ Uploade the bar code seriaal number in Excel on daily basis.
∆ Arranging for unloding,staging, inspecting to the inbond material & arrnging put away as  per the location defind  .   for vorious stocks.
∆Updating the inventory records on daily basis.
∆ Maintain proof of GRN hard copy & data in excel file.
∆ Basic computer knowladge ( Ms Word ,Ms Excel,Internet etc.)
∆ Daily stock mention with Sap & physical.
∆ E-mail ( Microsoft outlook, outlook expess) & Networking.
∆ Make way bill & transit


Education :-

∆ M.com (Prev.) in process from MGSU University Bikaner 2015
∆ B.com from MGSU Bikaner 2014
∆ Sr. Sec. (10+2) from Rajasthan Board in 2012
∆ Secondary from Rajasthan Board in 2009
∆ RSCIT Diploma in Computer year 2014 

Strenghts :-

˃ Hard worker as well as punctual, self confidance, Work well independently or as a team member.

Hobbies :- 

˃ Hard & fast work of my duty , play cricket & watching news

Personal Details :-
Date of Birth     :27 June 1995
Father’s Name : Shri Danaram
Marital Status : Unmaried
Language Known : Hindi & English 
Permanent Adderss    : Vpo- Gwalisar , The.- Rajgarh
                                         Dist.- Churu (Rajasthan)
 
                 I hearby affirm that the above information furnished here is true and current in my knowladge.
Place :                                                                             Mukesh Kumar
Date : 
