Jaison Vincent Pathilchira
E-Mail: jaison.vincent1389@gmail.com
Mobile: +968 93129561
Current Location: Muscat, Oman


~ FINANCE MANAGEMENT PROFESSIONAL~
Seeking assignments in Financial Analysis  Investment Banking  Stock Broking 
Portfolio Administration  Capital Market  Financial Reporting & Analysis 
Quality Operations 
 	AN OVERVIEW	


























			An accomplished professional with experience of over 5 years in Fund Administration, Portfolio & Fund Accounting, Operations & Consulting.
 Work within a team environment to ensure that all positions are accurate and reconciled across multiple internal systems including Blackrock Solutions, Wall Street Office and ePAM
	Monitor cash balance positions for Trading Desks and Portfolio Managers.

	Expertise in dealing with Equity, Commodity and Derivative Markets.

		Well versed with the concepts of Financial Management, Strategic Management, Investment Banking and Private Banking.
	Capable of working on Fund Accounting and Capital Markets.

	Experienced in NAV for Equity, Fixed Interest Securities, Swaps, FX and Option portfolios

	Having good Communication Skill.
Operations Management: Defining service standards and guidelines that serve as benchmark for excellent service delivery thereby contributing towards ameliorated service revenue generation. Preparing & presenting various weekly/monthly MIS reports pertaining to process. Undertaking responsibilities of removing unnecessary procedures in process for efficient functioning.

Process Management: Mapping business requirements and coordinating in developing and implementing processes in line with the pre-set guidelines. Conducting internal process audits & reviews for ensuring strict adherence to the process parameters/systems as per defined guidelines.

Client Relationship Management: Building and maintaining healthy business relations with corporate clients, ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality norms. Supervising customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services. Facilitating first line customer support by answering queries & resolving issues within TAT.

Quality Management: Involved in quality management system, reporting non-conformances, identifying root causes and effectively implementing corrective actions. Ensuring uniformity in the process understanding at the organization’s end and suggesting alternatives for enhancing the services standards. Carrying out review of systems to further improve quality, identifying improvement areas and implementing adequate measures to maximize customer satisfaction level.
ORGANISATIONAL SCAN
Since Sept’15 to April’18: Transparent Value Pvt Ltd, Mumbai. (Fund Accounting Consultant)

Accountabilities
	Prepare timely and accurate Net Assets Values, yields, distributions, and other fund accounting output for subsequent review.
	Record accurately, and in accordance with the Department policies and procedures, such accounting records as securities positions, corporate actions related, and journal entries.
	Reconcile various accounts, or reviewing reconciliations prepared by others, and promptly researching and correcting any variances.
	Identify exceptions and problems affecting accounting records and prices, communicating same to management, and assisting in their resolution.
	Ensure that all cash and positions are reconciled accurately, efficiently and on a timely basis.
	Work with internal and external parties in order to resolve breaks, identify root causes and expedite resolution
 Work within a team environment to ensure that all positions are accurate and reconciled across multiple internal systems including Blackrock Solutions, Wall Street Office, and ePAM.
	Accurately monitor cash balance positions for Trading Desks and Portfolio Managers.
	Review of NAV for Equity, Fixed Interest Securities, Swaps, FX and Option portfolios on daily, weekly & monthly basis.

Mar’14-Sept’15: SS&C Globeop Financial Services Pvt Ltd, Mumbai
(Fund Accounting Consultant)

Accountabilities
 Providing Fund Managers with estimated Daily P & L which would help them take further investment decisions including reconciliation of daily cash and positions.
 Reconciling cash and positions for the client at the Fortnight or Month End and providing fund managers with fortnightly or monthly Profit and Loss.
 Calculating fees (including management and performance fees), allocating income and expense and preparing Investor Roll-forward.
 Preparing Daily and Monthly reports as per the requirement of the client.
 Providing Accounting solutions to Hedge Funds for independent valuation, investor transparency and regulatory compliance.
 Being responsible for monthly non-security related accruals including management fees and financing accrual posting accounting entries and generating required reports.
 Preparing un-audited interim and annual financial statements as per client and auditors requirements.
 Providing assistance in the audit process.
 Sound Subject and Product Knowledge of Pricing and Valuations of Fixed Income Securities, Interest Rate Swaps, Currency Swaps, Credit Default Swaps.

Apr’13-Mar’14: Veracitiz Solutions Pvt Ltd
(Financial Consultant)

Accountabilities
 Gathering of User requirements for developing of Models in Cognos Enterprise Planning.
  Design, develop, and maintain Cognos Planning and Reporting for budgeting, planning  and forecasting systems in accordance with both Company and industry best practices and standards.
 Design, develop, and support effective and efficient operational linkages between the corporate planning system and the regional and business function models.
 Participate in Cognos Planning - using Planning components (Contributor and Analyst).
 Implementing and deploying Cognos Planner for budgeting and planning solutions.
 Translate the business requirements into skeleton model (D-Lists and Cubes).

 Installation, Migration and development of the Cognos application as per client requirement. Installed and upgraded Cognos (EP/BI) to new servers in HSBC and Migrated the entire application data without any Data Loss.
  Provide Technical Documentations and User Acceptance Testing (UAT) to the clients for  the models created as per requirements.
 Providing of Security and access for the application to the employees of the Organization,  as per Hierarchy, Profile and Departments.
  Providing of support and solutions for Servers and Cognos application to the IT Team of  the Clients

 	SCHOLASTICS	


2013	MBA (Finance) from Mumbai University, St. Francis Institute of Management and Research.
2010	B.COM from Mumbai University, St. Andrews College of Commerce


Others
 BSE Certification on Financial Markets (BCFM)
 IBM Cognos 702 (TM1 10.1)


 	PERSONAL DOSSIER	


Date of Birth	: 13th  July, 1989
Linguistic Abilities	: English, Hindi, Malayalam & Marathi. Current Location	: Muscat, Oman.
