Jennifer So
Address Phone: Email:

September 2nd, 2013

President
EE 400D Robot Company 1250 Bellflower Blvd.
Long Beach, CA 90840 Dear Mr. President,
I am applying for the Manufacturing Line Manager position with the EE 400D Robot Company as advertised on the company website.

My interest in Electrical Engineering grew when I started working with entertainment production equipment. I found myself increasingly drawn to understanding the science behind the technology, and decided to pursue a career in Electrical Engineering.

As a Student Engineer Intern at The Boeing Company for a year and a half, I have had the opportunity to learn about 3D modeling on CATIA V5. Collaborating with a team of electrical engineers, I have worked on wiring design projects for the raceway cabin, onboard networking systems, and lower lobes of various 7-series airplanes. In addition, I have also worked as an Engineer Assistant at LKK Manufacturing, where I had the chance to learn about working with suppliers, logistics, and mechanics to put together efficient production schedules that meet sales and business needs.

I would like to be a candidate for the Manufacturing Line Manager and 3D modeling positions, as my experience in 3D modeling and managing the daily tasks of running a manufacturing plant is highly applicable for the position. Alternatively, I would like to be on the systems team. Given the chance, I would like to work on the Prusa i3 dual extrusion head or the bio-printer projects.

I look forward to hearing from you about the opportunity to join the EE 400D Robot Company. Sincerely,
Jennifer So




OBJECTIVE
 JENNIFER SO
ADDRESS PHONE: ∙ EMAIL:


Seeking a Manufacturing Line Manager position at the EE 400D Robot Company.

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering	December 2013 California State University, Long Beach
Bachelor of Arts in Psychology	March 2009
University of California, Los Angeles

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

The Boeing Company, Student Engineer Intern	Long Beach, CA	March 2012 – Present ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING - WIRE DESIGN AND INSTALLATION		June 2013 – Present
	•	Design wiring using 3D modeling tools such as CATIA for raceway and lower lobe on 7-series airplanes
	•	Maintain wire harness detail and assembly design on 737 cabin raceway using CATIA V5, Enovia, and WIRS
	•	Convert wire harness assembly of raceway models from CATIA V4 to V5
PRODUCT SUPPORT ENGINEERING - FAULT ISOLATION	March 2012 – June 2013
	•	Created fault isolation procedures in FIM for airplane avionics, electrical, lighting, and hydraulic systems with the use of wiring diagrams and system schematics
	•	Updated FIM troubleshooting procedures for electrical components and electrical systems
	•	Teamed with the e-MOD organization to convert older, non-SGML troubleshooting documents into modern SGML data, and enhance Fault Isolation Manual products to include digital services to all airline customers
LKK Manufacturing, Engineer Assistant	Industry, CA	June 2010 – March 2012
	•	Work with vendors, logistics and mechanics to create production schedules that meet sales and business goals
	•	Tracked inventory, monitored daily usage trends for production line, and managed logistics of machinery parts
	•	Maintained contractor and vendor relations to obtain necessary building maintenance services, machinery parts, and engineering tools for optimal pricing and quality
Comcast Networks, E! News Intl Production Intern	Los Angeles, CA	January 2009 – May 2009
	•	Assisted in editing E! News program content for international E! News launch
Sony Pictures Television, Programming Intern	Culver City, CA	September 2008 – December 2008
	•	Compiled research material for pilot projects for content and quality control purposes
TVB, Programming Assistant	Norwalk, CA	June 2008 – August 2009
	•	Ran File Transfer Protocol (FTP) to ensure successful and timely publication of television broadcast content

ACADEMIC RESEARCH

CubeSat at Cal Poly Pomona	June 2013 – Present
	•	Develop low cost miniaturized satellite for space research using MATLAB and MPLAB
	•	Collaborate with electrical team to create PID control system to control gyros

TECHNICAL SKILLS

MATLAB, CATIA V5, Xilinx, SAP, eMOD, WIRS, Enovia, Microsoft Word/Excel/Outlook/Powerpoint/ Publisher Adobe Acrobat Pro, Photoshop, InDesign, SPSS

ORGANIZATIONS/AFFILIATION

Boeing REACH	March 2012 - Present
Biomedical Engineering Society (BMES) – Treasurer	August 2012 – May 2013
Institute of Electronic and Electrical Engineers (IEEE)	August 2010 – Present
