LUIS BERNARDO PINTADO 
550 Columbus Ave. Apt. 7
Boston, MA 02118
(617) 867-0263
e-mail: lpintado@mit.edu

Education
09/99 - 06/01	MIT SLOAN SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT	Cambridge, MA
Master's in Business Administration Class of 2001

09/96 - 04/97	ITESM	Mexico City, MX
Executive Diploma in Telecommunications

08/89 - 12/93	ITESM	State of Mexico, MX
Bachelor's in Business Administration; Graduated with Honors

Experience
06/00 - 08/00	CAMBRIDGE STRATEGIC MANAGEMENT GROUP	Cambridge, MA
Strategic Consulting Firm targeting mission-critical projects in the Telecommunications industry.

Summer Associate
Responsible for assessing business opportunity and performing market research for a start-up long-haul fiber operator in Northern Europe and Scandinavia; responsible for performing sensibility analysis of financial models for a proposed 3-way merger between regional CLECs in the US.

05/98 - 06/99	ARTHUR ANDERSEN, SC	Mexico City, MX
Business Consulting Firm servicing the Global Communications & Entertainment industry.

Communications & Entertainment Senior Consultant
Responsible for defining strategy, creating Business Plans and segmenting market to identify key prospects in the local industry for all Business Consulting projects involving Regulatory, Business Transformation, Market Research, and Revenue Assurance within the GC&EG in Latin America.

04/96 - 03/98	AVANTEL, SA	Mexico City, MX
First Competitive Long Distance Carrier to enter the Mexican deregulated market.

Primary Interexchange Carrier Manager
Responsible for expediting revenue through improving customer procurement and internal efficiency with respect to installation timeframes, billing, account collections, and customer service and retention.

	Quality and Processes Manager
Responsible for implementing Continuous Improvement and Process Innovation; headed inter-departmental task force pinpointing weaknesses in existing processes, where objectives, strategy and progress were managed on all levels: vice-presidential, senior management, and operational.

	Product and Market Processes Consultant
Responsible for developing, coordinating, imparting, evaluating, and updating Market Processes and Voice Products training programs provided to all sales and support organizations.

06/95 - 04/96	GRUPO DIME, SA DE CV	Cancun, MX
Frozen Food distribution company catering to foodservice clients in select Mexican resorts.

Operations Manager, Co-Founder
Responsible for establishing and starting of operations for the Cancun regional office, including areas such as: purchasing, sales, distribution routes, budgets and sales forecasting, among others.

01/94 - 05/95	ARBY'S RESTAURANTES, SA DE CV	Mexico City, MX
Master franchise and Corporate Head Quarters in Mexico for Arby's Restaurants International.

Jr. Brand Manager
Responsible for Marketing budget, sales and budget forecasting and analysis, special promotional projects both national and international, and Local Store Marketing.
