VICTOR MAINGI MURUNGA
P.O. BOX 388
CHWELE
TEL 0729218953, 0714189038
Email: murungavictor@gmail.com

Profile summary 
Organized and motivated employee able to apply my skills in criminology and criminal justice in various environments. Personable and reliable who will prove to be anset of the company.
Highly reliable and experienced in criminology and criminal Justine with over 2 years experience in operational security management knowledgeable in crime mapping and analysis offender profiling crime and conflict transformation law society and public policy among others. Proven track record in consistency and effectively delivering my service that enhance the organizations purpose and profitability. Seeking to develop a career at higher security level in the fast past oriented dynamic environment that is equality challenging and rewarding founded on the culture of entrepreneurship integrity and excellence.
Hardworking, result oriented, self driven, cooperative and a team player with good communication skills and professional skills who can work without supervision to achieve the organizations set goals.
Personal details 
Nationality 				Kenyan 
Religion				Christian 
Year of birth                                     1993
Languages                                         fluent english,kiswahili and luhya.
Academic and professional qualification
Bachelor degree in criminology and criminal justice 
Kibabii University attained second honour upper division 
2013-2017
Kenya Certificate of Secondary Eduction (KSCE)
Chewoyet High School
2018 – 2011 mean grade B-
Kenya Certificate of Primary Education 
Sichei FYM Friends
1999 – 2007 mean grade B-
Other training and competences 
January 2012
Newtech computer training college 
Packages 
Ms Dos
Ms Word
Ms. Excel
Ms Access
Ms PowerPoint 
Ms Publisher
Adobe page maker
Internet and email  
2015 August impact Christian university (Topics covered) 
	•	Theology of work
	•	Youth empowerment 

2015 DecemberAttended a workshop for Kabiechai constituency university and college students caucers. Topics covered 
	•	Youth entrepreneurship opportunities in devolved government
	•	Education as a transformative tool for education
	•	Youth participation in policy formulation and implementation 
2016 Entrepreneurship, leadership and governance conference 
Covered topics 
	•	Youth as change agents on leadership and governance 
	•	Entrepreneurship
	•	Creating pathways to success 
2016 Industrial attachment at the Ministry of interior and coordination of National government (Sirisia Probation office)
Duties performed 
	•	Maintaining the non custodial offenders records
	•	Supervising offenders on community service order
	•	Interrogating and interviewing of offenders 
	•	Preparing the bail assessment reports and preference reports for the courts. 
	•	Preparing the victim impact statements 
Work history 
December 2014 – date volunteering 
Security operations manager – Wakhukenya.co.ke
Duties and responsibilities 
	•	Developing and enforcing security policies that can ehance the safety of employees and visitors.
	•	Managing security personnel through hiring qualified mid level security supervisors. 
	•	Controlling the security budget.
	•	Designing emergency response procedures
	•	Ensuring there is efficient civilization of security personnel
2017 
IEBC Poloing clerk
	•	Biometric voter identification 
	•	counting votes 
2015 May
Worked as a teacher at Kings Junior school
Duties and responsibilities
	•	Teaching 
	•	Preparing the school time table 
	•	Preparing examination and examination time table 
	•	Christian union patron 
Among the projects performed 
2017/2018
Project: Development of strategic plans for various schools namely Teremi high school, Chebukaka girls high school, Kuywa Girls,Milo boys secondary school
Kakamega county 
Mukumu boys,Lwanda secondary school, St. Agnes Girl’s High School Shibuye.
Date 2016 – 2017
Project M&E policy for the ministry of finance and economic planning. Training on community empowerment fund management on ward fund managers and fund ambassadors. Client county government of Bungoma Ministry of finance and economic planning.
April 2015
Project resource mapping
Client county government of Bungoma – ministry of trade, energy and industrialization.
Interest and hobbies
	•	Playing and watching football
	•	Agricultural practice and farming{poultryfaming}
	•	Socializing and participating in community work
References 
Mr. Erick NabwanaNakurenya
Tel: 0725919123
P.O. Box 101437-00101
Email: wakhukenyacoltd@gmail.com

Mr. Boaz Odero
Sirisia subcounty probation office
Tel: 0710796718
Email:oderoboaz@gmail.com


Rev. Job Matimbai
Director kings junior school
P.O. Box 388 chwele
Tel: 0710394923


