MARIO D. LEWIS 
466 Cambridge Street
Cambridge, MA 02141
E-mail: mdlewis@mit.edu, 
Telephone:  (617) 491-4194

Education
1999 - 2001	MIT SLOAN SCHOOL OF MANAGEMENT	CAMBRIDGE, MA
Master of Business Administration expected in June 2001
Member of Finance Club and Minority Business Council
Elected to the Graduate Management Society Steering Committee

1998 - 1999	HARVARD UNIVERSITY - EXTENSION SCHOOL 	CAMBRIDGE, MA
Certificate of Special Studies in Management and Administration, Marketing

1990 - 1994	BENTLEY COLLEGE	WALTHAM, MA
Bachelor of Science Degree in Finance
“Falcon” Honor Society		Senior Class Cabinet, Treasurer	
Debate Team, President		Student Government Association, VP

Experience
Summer 2000	UBS WARBURG	NEW YORK, NY
	Associate, Corporate Finance – Financial Institutions Group
	•	Completed valuations and complex analyses for customer presentations
	•	Part of team working on IPO for an eFinance start-up company 

1998 - 1999	TBMCONTENT CORPORATION	BOSTON, MA
Vice-President, Finance
Managed day-to-day financial operations of this start-up software company.  
	•	Led fundraising effort, including meeting with investors and venture capitalists.
	•	Assisted in developing the business plan and prepared the financial projections.

1996 - 1998	RAYTHEON COMPANY	LEXINGTON, MA
Senior Corporate Auditor
Executed audits within all domestic government and commercial operations.  Prepared analyses and detailed work papers to support conclusions based on the observation, inspection, confirmation and testing required by the audit program.  Prepared written summaries of work performed and formulated corrective actions for problem situations.  

Assisted in special project teams for the CFO on the following transactions:
	•	Final inventory reviews for $750 million sale of the Raytheon Appliance division.
	•	Purchase price adjustment reviews on $9.5 billion merger with Hughes Electronics’ defense operations. The audit team found over $750 million in price adjustments.
	•	Procurement, accounts receivable and inventory compliance reviews after $2.95 billion acquisition of Texas Instruments defense operations.
	•	Valuation of TI’s Monolithic Microwave Integrated Circuit operation prior to sale.

1994 - 1996	Financial Management Development Program Graduate
Performed rotations with increasing responsibilities as a Bid and Proposal Cost Analyst, Business Administrator, Project Analyst and Budget Analyst in Massachusetts’ Defense Electronics operations.

Personal	Director, City-Alert.com
	•	Advised on business plan and strategy for start-up Internet advertising and content company.  
	•	Recognized as a top twelve African-American Internet site within three months of operation.

	Community Activities
	•	Big Brother of Greater Boston, Bentley College Alumni of Color, YMCA-College Path Volunteer 

Awards and Honors 
	•	Executive Leadership Council’s 1999 Award for Excellence In Business Commentary
	•	1998 YMCA/Raytheon Black Achiever
	•	1996 Toastmaster International, Massachusetts District Speech Competition finalist

Interests:  Basketball, football, golf, weightlifting, traveling
	    Completed the 103rd Boston Marathon (1999)
