NEETHU SUSAN MATHEW
Phone No:  +968 96135677 / 98901839
E-mail: neethususan23@gmail.com
Date of Birth: 23rd February 1991

Career Objective:

To gain continuous knowledge and experience in an environment beyond the world of academia that will help me to develop and muster a variety of skills. I am seeking a position that is complementary to my career goals. I am seeking a suitable position in a reputable institute that is compatible to my career goals.

Education/Qualifications:

2012 – 2014
(P.G)
PSG College of Technology, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu- India
(Anna University)- 80%

Electives: Financial Derivatives, Security  Analysis & Portfolio Management, International Finance, Project Appraisal, Financial Services
Key area/s of interest: International Finance, Security Analysis Portfolio Management, Financial Services. 

MBA-Finance
2009– 2012
(U.G)
Assumption College, Changanacherry, Kerala
(Mahatma Gandhi University)- 86%

Electives: Business Regulatory Work, Principles of Insurance, Marketing Management, Capital market, Practical Auditing
Key area/s of interest: Banking, Accounting for Managerial Decisions

B.Com- Computer Applications
2008 – 2009
Indian School Muscat, Sultanate of Oman 
(CBSE 12th)- 77%

Electives: Business Studies, Accountancy, Entrepreneurship, Economics
Key area/s of interest: Accountancy and Entrepreneurship

Commerce
2006- 2007
Indian School Muscat, Sultanate of Oman 
(CBSE 10th)- 72%







Work Experience:

	•	Financial Research Analyst at CRISIL Global Research & Analytics [Standard & Poors Company], Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India : [06-10-2014 – Present] 

[Received Best Performer Award]

Jobs Handled: 
Data management System (Global) - Invoicing, Role generation, Resource mapping, Project creation, Travel OPE, Client Contacts, CV management, revenue management

Audit & Compliance (National & International Clients)- Account management: On boarding/ Off boarding associates, BG Verification, Access review, Vendor compliance, Process Training schedule, Preparation of Balance score card, Quarterly Compliance Assessment, Monthly Project billing, Trading Requisite, Weekly Inventory control, Monthly Revenue generation, International client calls, Meeting scheduling, Support senior-level management, Expense reports

Research Writing (Global) – Institutional Clients report, Hedge funds report, Sovereign wealth funds report, Global Investment Banks report, Competitive intelligence in Global banks and other minor projects

	•	Management Trainee at Bank Muscat, Sultanate of Oman: [05,2013-07,2013]- 2 months

Completed an internship and attained knowledge in the Finance Department and Global Trade Services Department.

Main responsibilities included Creating LC documents in swift format, Arranging various documents in bank, Client Receipts preparation, Entering LPO’s in oracle Application, Invoice enquiries for part payments and Filling medical records of employees for two months.

Key Academic Projects:

MBA- Finance: “A study on the micro insurance schemes and various risks associated with poor households in Coimbatore”

  B.Com: “A study on the financial performance of Muthoot Finance, Kerala”

Mini Projects- MBA: 
	•	A detailed project on FORD
(Studiedon aspects related to Management Concepts, Communication Techniques, Managerial Economics and Financial Accounting Standards.)

	•	A comprehensive study on ICICI and HDFC
(Outlined the various corporate strategies used by both the firms to capture market share. Various strategies included BCG matrix, Swot analysis, SPACE matrix, Porter’s 5 force model, IE matrix, GS matrix, QSPM, CPM)

	•	A research study on the Non verbal Communications
(The Doctors interaction in Government hospitals with the patients)

	•	A Research paper on “Construction of optimum equity portfolio with special reference to Commodities, Consumption and Infrastructure sectors in India” (Studied on aspects related to Risk, Return, Residual Variance, Sharpe and Market Variance)

	•	Won the “The best paper award” at SNGCE College of management studies on the topic “A study of B-Schools students expectations from their faculty members”.

	•	A Research paper on “Relationship between Foreign Institutional Investors and Indian Stock Market with special reference to BSE-Sensex”
(Studied on aspects related to FII, Sensex, Debt, Equity, Indian Capital Market)

Key Positions and Achievements:

	•	Played active roles with major NGO’s in Coimbatore, India.
	•	Member of the student council at PSGIM and organized various academic and cultural events.
	•	Event Head for intercollegiate competitions held at PSGIM. Anchored all official functions.
	•	Tour coordinator for an international trip of 80 MBA students to China for two weeks.

	•	Completed 5th grade in piano from the Associated Board of the Royal Schools of Music (ABRSM), London-United Kingdom. 
	•	Certified Advanced Diploma in Travel and Tourism (2009-2012).
	•	Business Plan course undertaken that helped in analyzing a start-up plan for a business. 
	•	Certified on Financial Modelling in Financial Management (ACBSP)
	•	Two day workshop on IFRS conducted by Crowe Horwath.
	•	Have valid Indian driving licence.

Skills set:

	•	Played active roles in leading & organising various programmes in school and college.
	•	Cooking and trying new recipies.
	•	Language competencies include English, Malayalam and Hindi.
	•	An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management and planning skills.
	•	Can prioritize multiple tasks given at a time and structure the activities as per the timeline required.
	•	Have the ability to manage, interact and coordinate different levels of management with ease.
	•	Can adapt to changing environments with quick response to new unplanned requirements.
	•	Have the urge to meet all my day to day activities with utmost proficiency even when working under pressure.
	•	Have an advanced skill set in the software applications such as Microsoft office tools, Database management etc.
	•	Very acquainted with corporate etiquettes and to maintain the decorum of an institute.
	•	Takes the initiative to improve the process-flows and operational efficiency.

References:

Academic: 

Alexander Gee Varghese
Head of Commerce Department
E-mail: ismoman@omantel.net.om
Indian School Muscat
Muscat, Sultanate of Oman

Dr. Thilagam
MBA Coordinator & Professor
PSG Institute of Management
Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India
E-mail: thilagam@psgim.ac.in











Professional:

Hardik Shah
Manager
CRISIL Global Research & Analytics (A Standard & Poors Company)
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
E-mail: hardik.shah@crisil.com

Deepak Peety
Manager
CRISIL Global Research & Analytics (A Standard & Poors Company)
Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India
E-mail: deepak.peety@crisil.com


