RESUME      (Currently in Ruwi, Muscat on visit visa. Contact no. 97578075)



Viju Pisharody
‘Nalinam’, Neruvissery
P.O. Arattupuzha, PIN 680 562
Thrissur District – Kerala, INDIA
GSM:+91 858 988 1492
viju041411@gmail.com




Objective:
 	
To be associated with a growing organization where I can apply the learning acquired from more than 20 years of work experience in India and overseas.


Education:

Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Application (P.G.D.C.A.)			
Board of Technical Education, Kerala, India

B.Sc./Mathematics						                                           
University of Calicut, Kerala, India


Work Experience:

Direct Software LLC, Muscat, Oman
January 2015 – January 2017
Job title: Secretary to the Chairman, Administration & Accounts Assistant
Responsibilities:
	•	Appointments scheduling & management
	•	Airlines & hotel bookings
	•	Applying online for visas for USA, Europe, Russia and other countries as required
	•	Preparation of travel agenda of the Chairman
	•	Preparation of Reports for the Chairman
	•	Independently drafting letters and emails
	•	Maintenance & update of tenancy agreements, company registration documents,  insurance policies, vehicle registration and staff visas 


	•	Maintainenance of employee attendance records & time sheets
	•	Inviting quotations from suppliers, comparisons & preparation of LPOs
	•	Communication with customers and suppliers
	•	Invoicing & payment follow-ups 
	•	Bank correspondence 
	•	Handling petty cash and preparation of expense reports
	•	Cheques preparation
	•	Collection of monthly rents from the tenants of rental property

Vadnais Microtunneling LLC 	
May 2012 – August 2014

	•	Abu Dhabi Branch (December 2012 to August 2014)
Job title: Document Controller at site office

Responsibilities: generating work progress reports, assisting project manager in scheduling tasks, task timeline follow-ups, invoice generation, liasioning with the main contractor & managing employee concerns/queries.

	•	Oman Branch (May 2012 to December 2012)
Job title: Purchase & Logistic Assistant

Responsibilities: receipt of material requisitions from the store department, invitation of quotations for machinery spare parts and consumable materials, price comparison, generation of purchase orders and forward to  suppliers,  asset tracking (machinery & equipment) - movement between the GCC countries for the execution of projects.

Research Trends Pvt. Ltd., Trivandrum- Kerala, India			                
July 2011 - April 2012
Job title: Coordinator 

Responsibilities: Communication with international clients regarding the publishing of their articles in research journals, feedback communication between clients and the company editorial department, management.


AT&T Inc.-Oakland, California, USA							
April 2000 - April 2011
Job title: Customer Service Executive (Back office)

Responsibilities Summary: Generation of work orders with regard to new and existing telephone, internet and mobile services for residential customers, responding to customer grievances, resolving customer issues.

Responsibilities in Details: the job handled was in a purely customer focused role in the back office. When a customer contacts AT&T customer service call center with any complaints or service requests, there are certain things that the front line customer service representatives cannot handle. For example, if there is any monitory adjustments required in customer accounts over a limit or any complex service issues. In such scenarios the front line representatives gather the required information from customer and send email or fax to back office. We (back office team) pick up the matter from there. We research on the problem, contacting companies various technical and accounting departments to resolve the customer facing issues and also using AT&T developed and trained software, we generates or modifies service orders. For major issues, get in touch with senior management, in some cases company legal department will need to be involved, and take advice and act accordingly.  Back office job functioning are the focal point where it ensures a customer complaint is resolved in fair to both parties.

Prior to April 2000, worked in India for various private companies in Chennai, Kochi, Kolkata and Bangalore in areas such as Purchase, Sales and IT support. 


Professional Recognitions:

Award for the best attitude at the work place - AT&T Inc., California, USA
Employee of the month award – From Vadnais Microtunneling LLC, Muscat

Personal Details:							References: 

Date of Birth:	11 September 1969				        1) Mr. Prabhakaran K.P.	
Marital Status: Married with two children            		  R & N Khimji LLC,Muscat
Citizenship:  India and America                                                  Mob: +968  99702383          
Languages known:  English, Hindi, Malayalam and Tamil.   2) Mr. Ajith K.P.
									  International Marble Co.
									  Muscat
						*******			  Mob: +968 95924120	
