Cover Letter


UBAIS.T
Falaj Al-Qabael 
Sohar
Sultanate of Oman
Dear Sir 
I am writing this letter in response to post in your firm that has been posted for job  recently. I am sending this application along with my resume and experience letter for your review.
I  did also an internship of 12 weeks with topic of Financial Performance in Western India Plywood Ltd at Kerala ,India.I had visit industries such as Toyota kirloskar,Infosys,Telco and so on.. at India
I have a work experience as Business Development Executive in Axis Bank for 10 months where I was responsible for managing NREclients,Businessmen and various local clients of the bank. I possess excellent communication skills and can maintain good relations with colleague. I am highly proficient with computers
I have completed my bachelor’s degree in BBM with specialization of Finance from Kannur University at Kerala and did my MBA in Finance from VTU University at The Oxford College of Engineering Bangalore.India
I am highly dedicated to my work as recognition of which you orded, I earned incentives in past 3 working months. I believe in smart work and punctuality. I can maintain healthy interpersonal relations with co-workers and also possess excellent computer knowledge. I possess the ability to work under any condition and I particularly thrive under pressure.
I believe my credentials mentioned above would have left a favorable impact on your mind and I will be really glad to join your company . So looking forward to meet you in private and talk more about the company and my prospects of joining the corporation. Thanking you for your time and concern.
Sincerely UBAIS.T
Enclosures: Resume and experience letter.

No Objection Certificate is Available in Oman








UBAIS.T
MBA
Ubaistmuscat@gmail.com(Oman)
Ubaist1@gmail.com(India)
Mobile:00968-96934456
             :00968-94628236
Linked In : Ubais T
Address of correspondence:
Sohar
Sultanate of Oman
Permanent Address:            
Tholichi House
Poithum kadavu
 P.O.Azhikode
 Kannur-670009
 Kerala
India
Personal Data
Father’s Name :Ibrahim K
Date of Birth :31st March 1991
Sex : Male
Linguistic Abilities
English
Malayalam
Tamil
Arabic
Hindi
		
Area of Expertise
English
Computer
Customer Handling
Accounting
 Tally ERP  9 Software
Finacle Software(Oracle) 
CMS

  
Career Objective



 I want to be a valuable asset to your company by means of my Qualification, Skills and Knowledge. I always look forward for the challenges, creativity, learning ability & rapid carrier growth. Enhance my career in customer service by using my skills and experience to make maximum contribution to organizational and self-growth.
Strength


          If there is anything that drives me as a person, it is the strong sense of duty. I am a person with positive attitude and would work in the best interest of the organization and society using all my abilities and skills  
Technical Skills
	•	Outlook
	•	Microsoft Office
	•	Tally ERP 9. with Multi users version
Soft Skills
	•	Communication
	•	Interpersonal and analytical skills 
	•	Team Player
	•	Ability to deal with people
	•	Can face challenges
	•	 Maintaining corporate relationships
Previous company Operation Skills are acquired
1.Container Clearance from Turkey, India and China and Dubai
2.Stock Report
3.Bank reconciliation in different Bank such National Bank of Oman and Bank Muscat
4.Purchase management from different Companies
5. Sales reports via different sales Executive
6.Container Payments and their formalities
7.Purchase Order and Sales Order
8.Payroll via concerned Employees through Bank Transfer
9.Working Capital Management 
10.POS transaction Sale 
11.Batch cost Management for Sofa Making and Curtain Making 
12.Delivery Management
13.Staff welfare Allowance Manage5
14.C company Quotation and different companies requirements Management
15.Showroom Management with Different Bed room and interior Products
16. Visa renewal and formalities for staff 
17. Medical Insurance
18.C company paper Renewal and their Formalities
19.Centralised and different Branch accounting Operation via Tally ERP 9





Educational Profile



Qualification
Year
Board/University
Institution
Percentage
MBA
2014
VTU University India.Bangalore
The Oxford College of Engineering
64
BBM
2011
Kannur University India
Morazha Arts & Science
74
+2
2008
Kerala Higher secondary Board India
Azhikode Higher Secondary  School
75
S.S.L.C
2006
Kerala Secondary Education Board India
Azhikode High School
63


































Achievement


	•	Was the Member of NSS in Degree College
	•	Diploma in Graphic Designing
	•	Exam is appeared in Diploma in Graphic Designing course from ACCOUNTANTS SERVICE  SOCIETY

Projects

	•	Degree :did organizational study on the topic of Finance Department for one month at Western India Plywood Ltd in India
	•	Experience


	•	 Business Development Executive  in AXIS BANK during November 2011- August 2012 (www.axisbank.com)  .(10 Months)
	•	Accountant in More board Plywood Private  Ltd during December 2014 to May 2015(6 Months)
	•	Accountant In Middle East Furniture LLC at Sohar Oman during December 2015 to till the date (CR NO.1101565)


Personal Data


Marital Status: Single
Father Name: Ibrahim K
Age : 25
Gender: Male
Nationality: Indian
Domicile: Kerala
Religion : Islam
Interest: Badminton, Chess, Cricket and Traveling
Passport Number :J5449522
Declaration :

I hereby declare that all the above information given by me is correct to the best of    my knowledge and belief.

Place: Sohar                                                                      UBAIS.T
Date :12-10-2017







