PHILLIP R. GOETZE
goetze@glorietageo.com

Twenty-nine years of experience developing and implementing a variety of projects with environmental, hydrologic, or regulatory applications. These experiences include a diverse application from the requirements to complete field operations to management of multiple projects.

EXPERIENCES:
March 2007 to Present: Staff Geologist and Environmental Scientist
Glorieta Geoscience, Incorporated
Current projects included the completion of ground-water exploratory wells for commercial and residential clients in Taos and Las Vegas, New Mexico. First four months obligated to Los Alamos National Laboratory for ground-water sampling (including springs, shallow wells, Baski, and Westbay systems) under the Ground Water Stewardship Program and Interim Program based on the Consent Order with New Mexico.

April 2006 to January 2007: Hydrogeologist, Environmental Scientist, and Project Manager
Tetra Tech EM Incorporated
This position included responsibility for redevelopment of previous client relationships while maintaining obligations to state, Federal and private projects. Most significant projects include the following:
	•	Supervising geologist for drilling, construction, and development of deep monitoring wells at Kirtland Air Force Base for Long-Term Monitoring Program.
	•	Perform Phase I Environmental Assessment for former petroleum storage facility under the Voluntary Remediation Program, Groundwater Quality Bureau.

September 1999 to March 2006: Hydrogeologist, Environmental Scientist, and Project Manager
ASCG Incorporated of New Mexico and subsidiary Arctic Slope Technical Services (ASTS)
Responsible for a variety of environmental services for site assessment and remediation of contaminated sites associated with Federal, state, and private clients in New Mexico, Arizona, and the Navajo Nation. These services include preparation of proposals, the development of work plans, implementation of work plans, preparation of reports, and technical review of deliverables prior to submittal to the clients.
Significant projects entail the following:
	•	Field Technical Leader (as subcontractor) for drilling, construction, and development of deep and shallow monitoring wells at Los Alamos National Laboratory for second half of 2005.
	•	Developed and supervised assessment drilling programs for Risk-Based Corrective Action assessments of petroleum-contaminated New Mexico Environment Department and Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) sites in New Mexico and Arizona.
	•	Responsible for project development and management of soil and ground-water remediation of hydrocarbon and solvent-contaminated sites including quarterly water sampling events and air monitoring for compliance.
	•	Supervised and participated in resolution of correction actions at approximately thirty Bureau of Indian Affairs federal facilities including review of asbestos programs, PCB investigations and remediations, Phase I site assessments for property transfer AST/UST removals, hazardous waste disposal activities, environmental audits, and confirmation sampling of previous remedial activities.
	•	Completed development and oversight of voluntary corrective actions of hazardous wastes  cited in notice of violations at the Southwestern Polytechnic Indian Institute.
	•	Provided sampling program for the AMAFCA Stormwater Study for assistance in compliance of the MS4 for the City of Albuquerque.

	•	Completed assessment for hydrocarbon contamination and prepared plans for remedial actions for five locations at BIA facilities during the last quarter of 2004.
	•	Provided maintenance of quality control program for equipment, and assistance in development of work plans and proposals.

July 1996 to August 1999: Independent Geologist and Environmental Scientist
Phillip R. Goetze, Consulting Geologist
Subcontractor for environmental firms providing on-site technical support and report preparation. Primary contractors included the following:
Billings and Associates, Inc., Albuquerque, New Mexico
Responsible for acquisition of both soil and water data for assessment and for installation of remediation systems for hydrocarbon-contaminated sites.
Roy F. Weston Inc., Albuquerque, New Mexico
Temporary position with responsibilities for on-site supervision of data acquisition, for health and safety monitoring, and for quality assurance of installation of multiple ground-water wells at a Department of Energy tailings remediation (UMTRA) site near Tuba City, Arizona.

January 1993 to July 1996: Project Geologist and Project Manager
Billings and Associates, Inc.
Responsible for acquisition of both soil and water data for environmental site assessments related to leaking underground storage tanks throughout New Mexico and Texas. Participated and supervised installation, operation, and maintenance of biosparging/SVE remediation systems at five New Mexico locations.

June 1985 to December 1992: Independent Geologist and Environmental Scientist
Phillip R. Goetze, Consulting Geologist
Subcontracting services for data acquisition in geophysics and mineral exploration. Primary contractors included:
Charles B. Reynolds and Associates, Albuquerque, New Mexico
Performed functions of seismologist and crew chief for consulting group specializing in shallow seismic geophysics for environmental and engineering applications.
Glorieta Geoscience Inc., Santa Fe, New Mexico
Initiated and conducted sampling program for assessing economic potential of low-grade gold occurrence in southwest New Mexico.

November 1983 to September 1984: Fluid Minerals Geologist
Bureau of Land Management, Department of Interior
Temporary detail to Casper office to alleviate backlog of assessments of Federal oil and gas leases. Assessments required geologic evaluation of oil and gas potential for lands in Wyoming and Nebraska. Deposed as expert witness.

June 1982 to September 1983: Field Geologist
United States Bureau of Mines, Department of Interior
Assisted primary authors with field inventory and evaluation of mineral occurrences in fifteen wilderness areas in Colorado (Central Mineralized Region), southern Wyoming, and eastern Utah. Fieldwork included mapping and sampling of abandoned mines and mineral occurrences within these areas and in adjacent areas with potential impacts on wilderness designation. Mapping included Brunton/tape surveys, plane table surveys, and underground transit surveys of both small workings and large mines. Support preparation of final reports in text editing and figure and plate construction (individual mine maps, localized geologic maps, and mining claims location maps).

July 1979 to January 1982: Geologist
United States Geological Survey, Department of Interior
First two years exclusively mapping, drilling, and classifying coal resources in south central Wyoming. Detailed for two years to special team for preparation of impact statement: one of four principle authors for the Cache Creek-Bear Thrust Environmental Impact Statement which documented effects of two proposed oil and gas wells in designated wilderness area near Jackson, Wyoming. Deposed as expert witness in Federal case regarding the EIS. Final year primarily responsible for assessments of federal oil and gas leases for lands in Wyoming and Nebraska.

July 1977 to July 1979: Geologist, District Geologist
Bureau of Land Management, Department of Interior, Socorro, New Mexico

EDUCATION:
New Mexico Institute of Mining and Technology, Socorro, New Mexico Bachelor of Science in Geology, 1977

LICENSES/CERTIFICATIONS:
American Association of Petroleum Geologists, Member No. 51310
American Institute of Professional Geologists; Certified Professional Geologist No. 6657 Academy of Certified Hazardous Materials Managers, CHMM No. 11,401 (Master Level) DOE Radiation Worker II Certification
OSHA 40HR and 8HR Refresher Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response OSHA Hazardous Waste Operations and Emergency Response Manager/Supervisor State of Alaska, Licensed Professional Geologist No. 514
State of Arizona, Registered Professional Geologist No. 40,812 State of Texas, Licensed Professional Geologist No. 2278 Asbestos Inspector, State of Louisiana
