Sagar Talreja
B2/39 Ashok Vihar Phase 2, New Delhi- 110052
Contact No.-9899894235
Email- sagartalreja@gmail.com
Objective:
Aiming to achieve a successful career where I can make a significant contribution using my knowledge, skills and experience with the objective of development and growth of the Organization. 
Academic Qualification:
Qualification
Specialization
Board/University
Percentage/ CGPA
Year of Passing
MBA
Finance and Operations
IILM Institute for Higher Education
2.65/4
2012
BBA
Management
Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University
60%
2010
12th
Commerce with Maths
CBSE
73%
2006
10th

CBSE
75%
2003

Experience:
Company Name: Stalwart Advisors
Position: Equity Advisor
Duration: September 2017- January 2018
Roles and Responsibilities:
	•	Acquiring clients through lead conversion.
	•	Secondary research.
	•	Servicing and resolving the client queries.
	•	Handling social media i.e. Twitter and Facebook.
	•	Engaging in activity to improve client engagement.
	•	Handling Dashboard for the Webchat and resolving queries.
	•	Reading research related reports and addressing queries for clients.


Company Name: Jyoti International Foods Pvt Ltd
Position: Sales and Operations Manager
Duration: September 2015- April 2017
Roles and Responsibilities
	•	Managing corporate tie ups to boost store sales.
	•	Coordinating with the vendors for timely delivery of products and ensuring smooth operations of the stores.
	•	Analyzing monthly and yearly Profit and Loss statement.
	•	Coordinating with different departments to ensure smooth flow of operations.
	•	Training new work force and make them familiarize with the working of all the stations.
	•	Generating Daily Sales Report and MIS.
Company Name: ICICI Securities
Position: Sr. Relationship Manager 
Duration: December 2014- August 2015
Roles and Responsibilities 
	•	Handling Direct Channel which focuses on Retail Sales.
	•	Acquiring HNI Clients through reference and lead conversion.
	•	Analyzing financial needs and suggesting mutual funds.
	•	Undertaking activities to promote Mutual Funds Products for Retail Clients.
Courses and Certifications:
AFP- Insurance Planning, Investment Planning, Retirement Planning and Tax Planning.
NISM (VA) - Mutual Fund Distribution 
Technical and Derivative Analysis.
Internship:
Copal Amba: Worked as a Research Analyst. Creating company profiles, analyzing various business segments of revenue for the company and calculations of Financial Ratios.
Additional Information
	•	Represented School and clubs in various cricket tournaments.
	•	Participated in quiz and competition at School Level like National Science Olympiad and Math Quiz.


 




