SINGARAVELU .B	Email: singaravelued@gmail.com
Finance, Accounts and Taxation	Hand Phone: 0091 - 9597186642


An incisive finance professional with six sigma holding 17 years of experience in NBFC, Logistics, Automotive & Retail industries with an affluent mix of Finance, Accounts, Taxation, Technology and Process Compliance. Currently employed with M/s.Thangamayil Jewellery Limited as Head (Finance and Accounts).
Expertise in:
    Strategic Planning & Organisational Leadership	    Corporate Accounting & Financial Reporting     Taxation & Statutory Compliances	    Treasury Operations & Budgetary Control     Corporate Governance & Due Diligence	    Profitability, Cost & Variance Analysis
    Securities Management & Investor Relations	    Contract Negotiations & Procurement Control     Process Analysis & Productivity Improvement	    Systems & Technology Utilisation


EXPERIENCE & ACCOMPLISHMENTS
Thangamayil Jewellery Limited – Head (Finance and Accounts)	Aug’2016 – Present
TJL (listed in BSE/NSE) has significant presence in jewellery retail set-up since 1947.
Key Deliverables – Finance, Accounts, Taxation, Strategic Planning and Investor Relations
Leading and administering the overall functions of Finance and Accounts. Instrumental in strategic planning and execution; and influential in SOP implementations (finance, sales, human resource, legal, operational). Enact IT requirements and navigate the entire company towards technology and system driven.
 Develop and monitor policies and procedures within Indian Accounting Standards (Ind AS) and corporate guidelines to ensure sufficient cash flow, reduce operating costs, and increase revenues.
 Maintain general ledger structure, chart of accounts, policies and procedures to enable  financial  statement preparation and compliance with all required financial audits.
 Partner with other functional heads on operational and strategic issues as they arise; provide strategic recommendations based on financial analysis and projections, and revenue/expense analysis.
 Prepare and present financial information materials to Board of Directors and other committees as and when necessary. Prepare and communicate monthly financial statements.
 Maintain external relationships with investors, banks, auditors, credit rating agencies and third party vendors. Advise on contract negotiations from a financial impact perspective.
 Develop and promote a framework to drive financial acumen and accountability across the organization; provide timely and meaningful analyses and reporting to operational leaders.
 Oversee all financial transactions, including billing, finance, accounting and reporting. Provide timely and accurate analysis of budgets, financial reports, and financial forecasting.
  Responsible for oversight of financial internal controls and coordination of financial audits. Responsible   for facilities and asset management of the organization.
 Review all formal finance and IT related procedures, processes, and administration, recommending improvements to the systems in place and managing the systems going forward.
Enterprise Impact:
 Formalized effective ROL process that helped to achieve record inventory turnover rates and lowest markdown rates, effectively producing a 24% reduction in inventory over prior year.
 Key leader of Operation Excellence that eliminated INR 2.00 Cr of administrative overheads through further organizational restructuring and cost reductions.
 Improved reconciliation time from 30 days to 07 days by successfully implementing automated tool.
Drove 85% electronic record maintenance increase by enhancing existing manual system.
 Recognized for success in developing systems, processes and cross-functional collaboration significantly streamlining corporate operations.

Shriram Group – Assistant General Manager	Nov’2010 – July’2016
Shriram City Union Finance Limited (From Nov’2012 to July’2016)
Financial services provider with annual revenue of INR 3500 crores and over 25000 employees.
Key Deliverables – Process Compliance and IT Integration
Headed and directed the team towards technology and process implementation in all user functionalities. Elicited business requirements using re-engineering initiatives; Executed Business Requirement Document (BRD) for information systems; Steered technology team towards execution of Planning and Scheduling; Conducted System Integration Testing (SIT) and User Acceptance Testing (UAT); Provided UAT clearance and circulated release note/user manuals; Go Live Support and Post Production Issue Tracking and Support to end-user teams. Managed stakeholders both on business and technology side. Supervised 16 staff.
Enterprise Impact:
 Significant contribution in formalizing best processes for requirements management and successfully  rolled out designing of new process flows for business products.
 Clarity on user requirements were significantly improved, since team was appropriately concentrating on requirement objective/scope without any compromise on functional requirements.
 Post implementation issues were drastically reduced, since most of the issues were  identified and  rectified while UAT process itself prior to live implementation.
 System Implementation delays were by a long way reduced, since frequent discussions and follow-ups with technology partner on requirement documentation, development and testing part were in place.
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited (Nov’2010 – Nov’2012)
Financial services provider with annual revenue of INR 4200 crores and over 30000 employees.
Key Deliverables – Corporate Accounts, Audit Coordination and Commercial Functions
Administered the preparation and maintenance of financial reports, projections and project finance. Planned and executed periodical closure schedules; evaluated monthly financial statements and administered the closing process. As a commercial emissary, analysed the requirements, participated in price negotiations & fixations, signed finance and project approvals. Supervised 17 staff.
Enterprise Impact:
 A keen analyst with a distinction of reviewing, investigating and correcting errors and inconsistencies in financial entries & documents that leads to transparency in reporting to internal & external stakeholders.
 Pivotal in collating and validating inputs required for audits and sharing the same with audit team, coordinating for queries raised by auditors and successfully completing audits within agreed timeframes.
 Ensured compliance with procurement processes, renegotiated supplier contracts, and analyzed the supplier base which resulted in over INR 13.00 crores in savings.
St.John Freight Systems Ltd – Senior Manager	May’2008 – Nov’2010
Logistics services provider has global presence in 15 countries & 4 continents with over 1500 employees.
Key Deliverables – Finance, Treasury, Accounts and Statutory Compliances
As a group corporate representative, governed and oversaw the overall Finance and Accounts activities of St.John Pan India and Overseas. Monitored the financial performance of various business units, divisions, regions and branches to compare with budgeted reports, formulate variance analysis. Dealt with the preparation and maintenance of treasury related reports in the form of Bank Guarantee, Letter of Credit, Stock Report, QIS, FFR, CMA, CMS and other correspondence. Supervised 12 staff.
Enterprise Impact:
 Established a corporate-wide reputation of being proficient in coordinating with statutory authorities and external consultants regarding Merger / De-merger and hiving of certain units into a separate company.
 Negotiated line of credit extendable to 5% of revenues with local financial institution, allowing the company to open even though owners were only able to secure 7% of their stipulated working capital.
 Successfully rolled out standard operating procedures in all work departments for both logistics and non-logistics business areas.

Sical Logistics Limited – Assistant Manager	July’2007 – April’2008
Logistics services provider with annual revenue of INR 850 crores and over 3000 employees.
Key Deliverables – Finance, Treasury, Accounts and Statutory Compliances
Direct involvement with Banking Companies and Financial Institutions with regard to disbursement of fund based and non-fund based credit facilities. Supervised the preparation of funds indents where we monitor funds availability through collections, its utilization in branches/divisions and allocation funds as per requirement. Managed the preparation of periodical fund flow towards monitoring the flow of working capital and ensuring that timely payments are made to/received from creditors/debtors.
Enterprise Impact:
 Identified over INR 2.00 crores in cost reductions by implementing a transaction-level accounting reporting system that allows for greater transparency.
 Established a corporate-wide reputation of being proficient in coordinating for Due Diligence for funds raised through foreign currency convertible bonds (FCCB) and private equity to the tune of 400 Crores.
Saud Bahwan Group (Muscat) – Officer	Mar’2005 – July’2007
SBG is a key player in automotive & allied business holding 60% of market share of entire Oman.
Key Deliverables – Credit Appraisal and Delinquency Analysis
Appraised credit proposals for Retail & Corporate Automobile Financing, Scrutinising documents, Sanction & Disbursement of Loans, Credit Monitoring and Delinquency analysis. Oversaw the comprehensive study of credit worthiness during the process of sanctioning credit/ loan to the clients through all the primary and secondary researches. Administered the collection of Post Disbursal documents and driving steps of escalating the process of disbursement with accuracy based & fast turnaround time.
Enterprise Impact:
 Pivotal in providing solutions on critical requirements; conceptualizing and installation of various MIS reports to Management.
 Authored the SOP across all work areas of credit appraisal management with a view to systemise proper functional flow and smooth business run.
E-Port Logistics Private Limited – Senior Executive	June’2000 – Mar’2005
E-Port Logistics has significant presence in clearing & forwarding, cargo handling and warehousing solutions.
Key Deliverables – Finance and Accounts
Accountable for controlling and maintaining fixed assets; streamlining reports & entries,  undertaking physical verification of assets and ensuring that all assets are ensured at the correct value. Ensured reclassification and accounting of wrong or unaccounted entries prior to closure of the general ledger. Presented the periodical reports on cost & benefit analysis, productivity analysis, inventory turnover analysis and cost variance analysis.
Enterprise Impact:
 Evaluation of internal control systems and presenting results thereof with a view to highlight  shortcomings and direct recommendations to management.
 Met challenge of turning around the division towards focus on compliance, financial stability, process adherence, audit integrity and productivity increases.


SCHOLASTICS
MBA (Finance), Madurai Kamaraj University, Madurai Lean Six Sigma Green Belt, MSME (Govt of India), Chennai
SAP R/3 application (SD, FI & CO modules), Maagnus Infotech, Chennai
PERSONAL FORTE
Date of Birth: July 24, 1979
Address: No.4/292, Panagal Street, Sri Chakra Nagar, Anaiyur Post, Madurai – 625017. (Landmark: Behind EB Colony Pillaiyar Koil).
