Terry Kuny
CURRICULUM VITÆ
240 Fairmont Ave, Ottawa ON K1Y 1X9 819.319.2665 ◉ terry@kuny.ca ◉ www.kuny.ca

Facebook | Twitter | LinkedIn | Delicious | LibraryThing | RSS


PROFILE CONTRACTS EDUCATION SKILLS
SPEECHES & PRESENTATIONS PUBLIC PAPERS

Profile

My professional goal has been to help organizations exploit communications and information opportunities and connect with stakeholders through the appropriate & effective use of technology.

To do this, I bring strong research, analytical, creative and humanist approaches to the application of technologies within organizations in areas such as:
	•	Environmental scanning & critical assessment of trends, technologies, risks & opportunities for services deployment,
	•	Development of information architectures and business process modeling,
	•	Strategic business and project planning,
	•	Developing and managing research, information and communications related services,
	•	Electronic and traditional communications.

I have provided consulting and project management services to diverse government departments and agencies and a range of cultural sector organizations, industry groups, and numerous small­ and medium­sized enterprises.

I am an experienced public speaker and communicator, have spoken nationally and internationally to many professional groups on a variety of subjects.

My current areas of professional research interests include: futures and risk planning for digital services development; social media standards & tools; metadata and semantic web (classification, thesauri, vocabulary) standards; user needs assessment, usability and design research; web metrics and key performance indicators; technology audit and impact assessments & analysis; and national & international information policy.

I also have well­developed personal interests (and educational background) in international relations, strategic studies, and military and diplomatic history. I have worked as a professional researcher and analyst in these areas and other disciplines.

References and letters of commendation supplied on request.


Contracts
2013­	Canadian Transportation Agency: e­communications advisor (IS­04 indeterminate) Project management, Drupal implementation and operations for web services, business process planning, social media development, WET4 project implementation, WCAG 2.0 compliance and coding, general and accessibility consulting, internal communications.
2013­2014 Competition Bureau: resource center strategic review
Consulting and recommendations for resource center service delivery including staffing, processes, footprint, and collection rationalization and disposition.
2011­2013 Canadian Transportation Agency: e­communications advisor (IS­04 term)
Project management, Drupal implementation and operations for intranet, usability testing, key performance indicators and metrics, business process planning, governance policies and procedures, social media development, WET implementation, WCAG 2.0 compliance and coding, general and accessibility consulting, internal communications.
2011	Canadian Forces Grievance Board: Internet accessibility review and site redesign Conducted accessibility review and remediation of site content to GoC Web Experience Toolkit (WET), WCAG2.0 AA, and HTML5 standards, including PDF and forms conversion and accessibility.
2008­2011 Canadian Transportation Agency: strategic planning & IA, web administration, project management, Internet and intranet services & communications
Oversaw Internet and intranet project management and implementation, stakeholder consultations, usability testing, user survey development and deployment, developed key performance indicators and metrics, governance policies and procedures, social media development, on­going web administration, RFP development and review, business process planning, Drupal planning and implementation, CLF 2.0 and WCAG 2.0 compliance, general consulting and communications.
2009	Bell Canada: content specialist
Development of a science and technology current awareness service for a federal agency. Provided user needs assessment, functional and business process requirements and implementation planning.
2008	House of Commons Curatorial Services: document management
Contract with ContentWorks. Development of document collection analysis, management and technology strategy & recommendations.
2008	Canadian Transportation Agency: information architecture
Development of Internet site information architecture ­ stakeholder interviews, site analysis, architecture and recommendations.
2007	National Judicial Institute: IM/IT strategic planning
Development of information management, business process planning, and technology strategy & recommendations – stakeholder interviews, application assessment, site analysis, vision and principles.
2007	Public Health Agency of Canada: strategic planning & IA
Development of strategic planning and information architecture for consolidated portal on physical activity.
2007	Canadian Institutes for Health Research: information architecture
Development of Internet strategic planning and information architecture – stakeholder interviews, survey, site analysis, vision statement and principles, site navigation, design & wireframes, etc.


2007	Indian and Northern Affairs: thesaurus & taxonomy planning
Software analysis and operational recommendations for thesaurus integration and departmental taxonomy management.
2007	Bibliocentre: strategic planning
Contract with Ulla deStricker Associates. Interviews, environmental scanning and strategic planning assistance for library services.
2006	Currency Museum of the Bank of Canada: strategic planning
Environmental scan & strategic plan for the implementation of new media.
2006	Rapid Currents ­ Transport Canada: technical writing
Technical writing for advanced search guide for NewsDesk monitoring service.
2006	Centre for Chronic Disease Prevention & Control (CCDPC): technology review Environmental scan and assessment of advanced Internet strategies, tools and interfaces for health statistics surveillance, analysis and dissemination.
2006	Systemscope ­ GoC Science Portal: information architecture
Development of vision, recommendations and information architecture for access to science and technical research for Science Portal.
2006	Canadian Institutes for Health Research: information architecture
Development of intranet information architecture – extensive stakeholder interviews, survey, SWOT analysis, site audit, interface design recommendations, etc.
2006	National Aboriginal Health Organization: user survey
Development and analysis of national survey for aboriginal health information.
2005	Agriculture & Agri­Food Canada. Communications & Consultations: business analysis and policy development
6 month staff position. Special Projects Officer working for Assistant Deputy Minister. Develop publishing reform initiative including policy, procedures development & background support materials; business unit process analysis & improvement recommendations.
2005	Canadian Industrial Relations Board: library strategic planning
Strategic planning for library services that included extensive stakeholder consultation & collection assessment.
2004	Agriculture & Agri­Food Canada: policy development
Development of Departmental publishing policy & procedures and integration with Web policies & procedures & environmental scanning.
2004	International Federation of Library Associations & Institutions: website planning & maintenance
Maintenance of IFLANET services; strategic planning & policy for web service delivery & implementation of new services; conference & workshop support.
2004	An international life insurance firm (name withheld): information architecture
Information architecture, metadata and classification review.
2004	Canada Revenue Agency: information architecture
Strategic planning for use of metadata and controlled vocabularies.
2003	Department of National Defence: information architecture
Strategic planning for DND information systems interoperability.
2002–2004 Industry Canada. Volunteer Sector Initiative, IM/IT Secretariat: policy and planning
Strategic planning & architectures for electronic services & project development and RFP preparation.
2003	Canadian Police College: library strategic planning
Contract with Ulla deStricker Associates. Strategic planning for library services.


2003	Health Canada. Workplace Health & Public Safety Programme: knowledge repository development
Contract with Ulla deStricker Associates. Strategic planning, application architecture and project development.
2001–2002 Canadian Heritage: interoperability, policy analysis and digital services consulting Services development, application & service architecture development, interface & navigation consulting, usability evaluation; environmental scanning; consulting services and document preparation for Interdepartmental Interoperability Forum; project development and consulting for Canadian Heritage national cultural resources portal including standards and best practices for metadata applications, creation of guidelines for digitization, and for Open Archive Initiative (OAI) pilot projects; preparation of digitization standards and guidelines for national programs; consulting services to copyright office on the effective management and trade in intellectual properties for copyright collectives.
2002	Canadian Institute for Scientific and Technical Information: user survey
Contract with Ulla deStricker Associates. Product development user survey.
2002–2003 Library of Parliament: metadata application
Metadata review and application architecture development.
2002	Agriculture Canada: information use & needs assessment
Contract with Ulla deStricker Associates. Strategic plan & recommendations for electronic information services & products, with particular reference to the role of the Library; survey & evaluation of information users & needs for department staff & research community; survey & evaluation of information content services & tools for digital services.
2002	Health Canada: application profile & interface consulting
Strategic plan & architecture recommendations electronic asset inventory project; application profile development for compliance with GOL & Dublin Core metadata and classification requirements; search & navigation interface consulting including guidelines and best practices.
2001	National Archives of Canada: strategic planning
Strategic vision consulting for Accessible Archives.
2001	Canadian Health Network: thesauri analysis & implementation planning
Consulting services on thesauri tools & implementation.
1993–2001 National Library of Canada: digital library, information policy & networking technologies consulting
	•	Technology Architect & Assistant to Director, Digital Library of Canada Task Force.
	•	Project development & consulting, environmental scanning, providing continuous current awareness & analysis of emerging information policy & technology developments.
	•	Primary author of numerous NLC information policy & technical documents, including:
	•	Canadian Heritage Inter­departmental WG on Interoperability. (2000­2001)
	•	Digital Library of Canada Task Force. (2000­2001)
	•	UNESCO Information Society Programme Plan. (1998­2000)
	•	Canadian Initiative on Digital Libraries. (1998­2000)
	•	Digital library development. (1994­2001)
	•	Federal Task Force on Digitization. (1997)
	•	Responses to the Information Highway Advisory Council. (1994­1995)
	•	submission to the CRTC on Convergence. (1995)
	•	Treasury Board “Blueprint” submission. (1994)
	•	UNESCO submission on libraries & technology. (1994)
	•	Encyclopedia article on North American libraries & librarianship. (1994)
	•	Numerous speeches for senior executives.
	•	Significant contributions to the NLC Acceptable Use Policy, program review documents, et. al.
	•	Development of metadata strategies for NLC including support of Dublin Core and persistent identifiers.


	•	ImagesCanada.ca consultant for interface and search.
	•	Technical Lead for G­8 Bibliotheca Universalis project.
	•	Moderator of DIGLIB, LIBJOBS and other international mailing lists.
	•	Initiated a publication series of internal Network Backgrounders to disseminate information about networking technologies & projects. Authored documents on new technologies, information policy, organizations, digital library initiatives, resource discovery, etc.
	•	Developed speaker’s series for new perspectives & workshops on networking technologies & projects.
	•	Provided technical & document support for initiating NLC Internet services.
	•	Presentations on information technology for the NLC in many different professional & government settings.
	•	Developed proposals for numerous Canadian digitization initiatives now development.
	•	Provided technical development for NLC digitization projects.
	•	Digitization & HTML design for a variety of demonstration projects including internal home pages for IAS area, forms design, and resource discovery indexing tools.
1995–2001 International Federation of Library Associations & Institutions: project management Startup, administration & maintenance of IFLA Internet services; UDT Workshop coordinator; Initiated development of CD­ROM & IFLA mirror sites; coding and site maintenance; authored all technical & administrative documentation and guidelines, service statistics; start­up, administration & moderator of all IFLA mailing lists; contributor of articles to UDT & SIT Newsletters; editor of electronic document series on Digital Libraries & UDT Occasional Papers; environmental scanning; technical & administrative support.

1994–1998 Canadian Heritage Information Network: Internet course development & training Courses: Introductory, Intermediate, Advanced, HTML & Advanced searching and specialized course development.
1998	University of Calgary – Telus Distinguished Visitor: lecturer
Library of the Future Task Force consultant.
1996	Royal Ontario Museum, Musee de la Civilization (Quebec), Canadian Heritage Information Network: site design
Consulting & design of SchoolNet WWW exhibit, “Bone Snow Knives and Tin Oil Lamps: Enduring Traditions Among Canada's First Peoples.”
1994–1987 Contract services to:
	•	Environment Canada: web design for documents
	•	B.C. Ministry of Education: WWW & Mosaic curriculum development.
	•	Director of Information Services, U of C ­ research on virtual reality.
	•	National outplacement firm ­ administration & design in­house DBMS for strategic intelligence & market research, controlled vocabulary & thesaurus development.
	•	Information Group West ­ compiling of corporate marketing information.
	•	Bioethics investigator ­ project research on ethics, medical technology & databases; environmental scanning.
	•	Graduate distance education nursing students ­ on­line searching.
	•	William Onn Management Consulting ­ statistical analysis of economic data & graphics.
	•	Private researcher ­ project research & document delivery on team teaching & teacher attitudes for a private contractor.
	•	Reserve Services, U of C ­ project research on library reserve policies.
	•	Coordinator, Calgary High Schools Model United Nations ­ international issues research.
	•	U of C Libraries ­ new information technologies research.
	•	Political Science Department, U of C ­ Instruction in the use of microcomputer­based statistics programs; tutor for basic statistical analysis & research methods; course assistant.
	•	Director of Information Services, U of C ­ academic freedom & tenure.
	•	Investigator for Royal Commission on New Reproductive Technologies ­ research on medicalization & new reproductive technologies.
	•	Information Group West ­ document delivery services.
	•	Head, Information Services, U of C (1991) ­ analysis of microforms collections.


	•	Sciences & Professions Area, U of C (1990) ­ bibliographic verification & special projects.
	•	Research contracts ­ lone­parent families (1989), stock market issues (1989), research on issues relating to the “differently­abled” (1990,1991).
	•	History Department, U of C (1987) ­ analysis of Glenbow archival holdings on military history.


Education
University of Western Ontario: MLIS (1993).
University of Calgary: BA (1989). Political Science/History major with focus on international relations, strategic studies, military history.
Skills

Communications skills
	•	National and international public speaking and presentation experience.
	•	Extensive experience in professional and technical writing.
	•	Extensive experience in providing professional and technical training.

Technical Skills
	•	Mac OS X, UNIX (BSD), LAMP stack (basics), Windows variants operating systems.
	•	Social Media: Hootsuite Enterprise
	•	Major word­processing/DTP packages: MS­Word, CSS and HTML editors, InDesign, Acrobat, Dreamweaver, iLife suite, etc.
	•	Graphics/presentation programs: PowerPoint, KeyNote, Photoshop, InkScape.
	•	Multimedia: podcasting, DVD and video preparation.
	•	Digitization technologies scanning, OCR & digital photography.
	•	Database management systems: mySQL, Filemaker
	•	PDF Acrobat Pro and Livecycle (Basic­Intermediate) including PDF WCAG 2.0 AA accessibility.
	•	Internet server and applications: Apache, indexing tools, basic Solr, mail and list serving, Google app.
	•	CMS: Drupal, WordPress, B2Evo
	•	Variety of open source applications for surveys, blogs, wikis and other specialized applications including active participation on GCConnex and GCPedia
	•	Podcasting with Garageband, screencasting with Camtasia, SnagIt
	•	Extensive photographic experience

Standards and best practices
	•	Current government web standards and policies
	•	Responsive design practices and mobile interface design practices.
	•	WCAG 2.0, HTML and PDF accessibility tools and techniques.
	•	HTML5 /XHTML/ XML / CSS 2/ CSS3 / Javascript (basic), jQuery (basic), PHP (basic), WET4 and Bootstrap3
	•	ePub3 and iBooks authoring
	•	Metadata standards including Dublin Core, METS, MODS, identifier standards including DOI, PURL, OpenURL, MARC 21.
	•	Resource discovery standards & applications (OAI, RDF, Z39.50).
	•	Mail and news standards (SMTP/MIME/NNTP, RSS­ATOM syndication).
	•	P2P sharing protocols, cloud services (DropBox, iCloud, others).

Information retrieval & analysis
	•	Professional research and analytical skills
	•	Extensive familiarity with Internet retrieval services.
	•	On­line database services & CD­ROM databases, including DIALOG, Sage,PLOS, Medline, ERIC, et.al.
	•	Statistical/spreadsheet packages ­ Microsoft Excel, SPSS, Systat & Statview.
	•	Web and social media analytics: Hootsuite, Google Analytics, Piwik, search engine optimization strategies.


Speeches & Presentations
November 3, 2009.	The Effects of “Climate Change” on Federal Libraries. NRCan AGM Strategic Planning Session. Ottawa.
September 15, 2008.	GC.ca & Government 2.0: Challenges and Reformation. Federal Web 2.0 Interest Group.
Ottawa.

June 12, 2008.	Web 2.0 Challenges in the Government Context. Agriculture and Agrifood Canada libraries annual meeting. Ottawa.
August 21, 2004.	Publishing on the IFLA services. Information Coordinators Workshop. 70th Annual IFLA General Conference, 2004. Buenos Aires, Argentina.
June 3, 2004.	Building Communities of Practice for International Development Research. Canadian Association for Studies in International Development. Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.
May 30, 2004.	The CoP and the Librarian: A Love Story [Communities of Practice and Librarianship]. Building Distributed Communities of Practice for Enhanced Policy Research Interface. SSHRC workshop. Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada.
October 21, 2003.	Effective Controlled Vocabularies. CASLIS. Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
July 17­18, 2003.	IT Training & the Canadian Experience. APEC Human Capacity Building. Hanoi, Vietnam. July 14­15, 2003.	Managing Change? IT Training & the Canadian Government Experience. APEC Human ICT
Training Framework for Government Officials workshop. Jakarta, Indonesia. May 31 ­ June 1, 2002. Digitization Workshop. Archives Society of Alberta. Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
May 10­11, 2002.	Digitization Workshop. Saskatchewan Council for Archives and Archivists. Regina, Saskatchewan, Canada.
November 26, 2001.	Metadata is an Adjective: Focusing on Applications. Council of Federal Libraries Annual Meeting. Ottawa, Canada.
October 18, 2001.	Portals: Getting Past Hype and Focusing on Services. Natural Resources Canada CS Symposium. Ottawa, Canada.
May 25, 2001.	Cooperating on Copyright Clearing. Canadian Heritage Copyright Forum. Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
May 7, 2001.	Wrong Pages, Search Rage & The Imponderable Issues of Website Navigation & Usability.
Environment Canada CS Symposium. Ste. Adele, Quebec, Canada.

April 20, 2001.	Metadata & The Troubled Cataloguer: Why Dublin Core is an Opportunity and Challenge for Librarians. Workshop. Special Libraries Association. Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
April 11, 2001.	Bibliotheca Universalis: An Agenda for Interoperability? BU Interoperability Workshop. Library of Congress. Washington, D.C.
February 27, 2001.	Technology and the Making of Cultural Policy: A Worm’s Eye View. Guest lecture for graduate course on Canadian cultural policy. Carleton University. Ottawa, Ontario.
January 10+22, 2001. Finding Stuff: The State of Art in Internet Search. SYNC Session. Ottawa, Ontario.


December 6, 2000.	Website Navigation & Usability. Website Content Management for Government. Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.
September 21, 2000.	Digital Library of Canada and the Interoperability Agenda. Parks Canada IM/IT Forum. Banff, Alberta, Canada.
August 15, 2000.	Technology and the Ecology of Information Access. FAIFE & CLM Joint Session on Access to Information. 66th Annual IFLA General Conference, 2000. Jerusalem, Israel.
August 15, 2000.	Is Authenticity in Digital Collections Really an Issue? Division Forum for Special Libraries. 66th Annual IFLA General Conference, 2000. Jerusalem, Israel.
August 13, 2000.	Identifiers and Digital Libraries. Section on Information Technology Workshop. 66th Annual IFLA General Conference, 2000. Jerusalem, Israel.
June 13, 2000.	Digital Library of Canada Task Force: An Overview. Association of Canadian Publishers.
Toronto, Ontario, Canada.
March 17, 2000.	Dublin Core Metadata Initiative: An Update. National Library for the Blind. Stockport, UK. January 31, 2000.	Information Technology Standards: An Environmental Overview. Consultation on Online
Publications. National Library of Canada. Ottawa, Canada.

December 13, 1999.	Dublin Core Metadata Initiative: An Update. National Library of Canada. Ottawa.
December 8, 1999.	Untangling Web Standards and the W3C. SYNC Brown Bag Lunch session. Ottawa, Canada. October 19, 1999.	Developing Digital Libraries: Future Directions. Networking for Effective Libraries &
Information Services. Colombo, Sri Lanka.

October 19, 1999.	UDT and IFLANET: Developing Electronic Services. Networking for Effective Libraries & Information Services. Colombo, Sri Lanka.
August 26, 1999.	The Dublin Core Metadata Initiative: Update of Recent Activities. UDT Workshop. 65th Annual IFLA General Conference, 1999. Bangkok, Thailand.
August 23, 1999.	UDT Core Programme: Focusing on the Future. Open Forum for Bibliographic Control. 65th Annual IFLA General Conference, 1999. Bangkok, Thailand.
August 18, 1999.	Metadata Workshop: An Update and Guidance for Action. International Conference & Workshop on Multimedia Digital Library. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
August 16, 1999.	Digital Libraries and the Ecology of Information. International Conference & Workshop on Multimedia Digital Library. Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
June 30, 1999.	Curling Up with E­Books. National Library of Canada. Ottawa, Canada.

June 3, 1999.	Digital Libraries and the Ecology of Information. DPI Institute. Ottawa, Canada. February 10, 1999.	Metadata Developments: An Update. SYNC session. Ottawa, Canada.
August 20, 1998.	New Technologies, New Services, New Directions for Librarianship? UDT Workshop. 64th Annual IFLA General Conference, 1998. Amsterdam, Netherlands.
August 16, 1998.	Metadata: An Update and Guidance for Action. Audio­Visual Roundtable. 64th Annual IFLA General Conference, 1998. Amsterdam, Netherlands.


August 14, 1998.	Rethinking Library Standards. Pre­Conference Session “Convergence in the Digital Age.” 64th Annual IFLA General Conference, 1998. Amsterdam, Netherlands.
May 27, 1998.	The Internet Flea­market: Information Quality, Metadata, and the Challenges of Networked Resource Discovery. Telus Distinguished Visitor Lecture. University of Calgary. Calgary, Alberta, Canada.
May 19, 1998.	Talking Standards: Information Technology and Normative Discourse in the Public Sphere.
Savoir­Faire Seminar. National Library of Canada. Ottawa, Canada.

April 23, 1998.	Building a Sustainable Information Ecology: Views on the Secret Life of Documents, Information Overload, and the Medieval State of Resource Discovery in the Electronic Environment. International Special Librarian’s Day. International Development Research Center. Ottawa, Canada.
April 16­17, 1998.	Strategic Planning for Digital Libraries. Russian­American Digital Libraries Workshop.
Moscow, Russia.

December 10, 1997.	Webmaster Skills: Is There a Librarian in Your Web’s Future? SYNC Brown Bag Lunch session. Federal Libraries community. Ottawa, Canada.
September 4, 1997.	A Digital Dark Ages: Challenges in the Preservation of Electronic Information. 63rd Annual IFLA General Conference, 1997. Copenhagen, Denmark.
September 4, 1997.	Metadata, Libraries and Librarianship. 63rd Annual IFLA General Conference, 1997.
Copenhagen, Denmark.

September 2, 1997.	Debate on Copyright and Access in a Digital Era. Debate held at the 63rd Annual IFLA General Conference, 1997. Copenhagen, Denmark.
June 10, 1997.	Needles in Haystacks: Evaluating the Quality of Internet Information. CRIMEA 97 Fourth International Conference. Keynote Address. June 7­15, 1997. Sudak, Crimea, Ukraine.
June 12, 1997.	Electronic Mail: The Real Revolution in Networking. CRIMEA 97 Fourth International Conference. Presentation. June 7­15, 1997. Sudak, Crimea, Ukraine.
November 6, 1996.	Search Engines and Interfaces: An Update. Government on the Net 96. November 4­6, 1996. Hull, Canada.
October 15, 1996.	Effective Internet Information Retrieval. Auditor General Staff Retreat. Meech Lake, Quebec.

October 8, 1996.	So Many to Choose From: An Introduction to Standards and the Internet. National Library of Canada and the Banque internationale d’information sur les Etats francophones de l’ACCT (BIEF). “The Future of Communication Formats.” October 7­11, 1996. Ottawa, Canada.
Published in Proceedings.

August 30, 1996.	Effective Use of Electronic Mail. UDT Workshop on Digital Library Services. 62nd Annual IFLA General Meeting. Beijing, People’s Republic of China.
January 24, 1996.	Ex Libris? Or Ecce Internet? Internet Publishing, Homepage Development and the Future of Electronic Library Services. LIEF Session. Council of Federal Libraries. Ottawa, Canada.


September 20, 1995.	Considering the Quality of Internet Information Services.” Federal Government & the World Wide Web. Conference. Ottawa, Canada.
June 13, 1995.	Caveat Emptor: The Quality of Internet Information Services. International Group of Publishing Libraries. Annual Meeting. Ottawa, Canada. Published in IGPL Newsletter June 1997.
May 26, 1995.	Introduction to Digitization Technologies and Challenges. Canadian Institute for Historical Microreprographics. Annual Board Meeting. Ottawa, Canada.
May 11, 1995.	The Internet Fleamarket: The Challenges of Resource Discovery in a Networked Environment. Manitoba Library Association. Annual Conference. Winnipeg, Manitoba.
May 12, 1995.	Robber Barons, Data Merchants and Other Villains: The Politics of the Digital Library.
Manitoba Library Association. Annual Conference. Winnipeg, Manitoba.

March 29, 1995.	The Internet Fleamarket: The Challenges of Internet Resource Discovery. Annual Meeting.
Library Association of Ottawa­Hull. Meeting. Ottawa, Canada.

October, 1994.	Internet Access: Making the Connection. SYNC Brown Bag Lunch session. Federal Libraries community. Ottawa, Canada.
May, 1994.	Overview of Digitization Technologies. Canadian Institute for Historical Microreprographics.
Annual Board Meeting. Ottawa, Canada.

March, 1994.	Introduction to the Internet. Library Association of Ottawa­Hull. Ottawa, Canada.

April, 1993.	Shooting Gophers: A Critique of Internet Information Retrieval. Graduate research paper presentation. Staff colloquium. University of Western Ontario. London, Ontario.
Public Papers
High­speed Connections to the Home: ADSL and Cable Modems. Network Backgrounder. June 1998.
Filtering Internet Content: PICS, Labels and Filters. Network Backgrounder. March 1998.
“A Digital Dark Ages? Challenges in the Preservation of Electronic Information.” Paper delivered at a workshop of the Audiovisual & Multimedia joint with Preservation & Conservation, Information Technology, Library Buildings  & Equipment, and the PAC Core Programme: “Digital Libraries, Technologies & Organizational Impacts.” 63rd Annual IFLA General Meeting. Copenhagen, Denmark. September 4, 1997. Published in International Preservation News 17, May 1998.
Digital Library Projects: EC Telematics for Libraries Programme. Network Backgrounder. February 1997.
Push Publishing Technologies. Network Backgrounder. February 1997.
DVD: The New Consumer Optical Disk Format. Network Backgrounder. December 1996.
“Myths and Challenges of the Digital Library.” With Gary Cleveland. Paper delivered at the Section on Information Technology session: “Digital Libraries, Technologies & Organizational Impacts.” 62nd Annual IFLA General Meeting. Beijing, People’s Republic of China. Published in IFLA Journal, 24(2) 1998.
“Copyright in an Age of Electronic Reproduction: A Librarian’s Perspective.” Paper delivered at the IFLA Pre­Conference on Copyright. August 21­23, 1996. Tianjin, People’s Republic of China. To be published.
IFLANET: An Introduction. Network Backgrounder. March 1996.
Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions (MIME). Network Backgrounder. February 1996.
Persistent Uniform Resource Locators (PURLS). Network Backgrounder. February 1996.


Metadata: An Introduction and Survey of Initiatives. Network Backgrounder. October 1995.
Digital Library Projects: G­7 Information Society and the Bibliotheca Universalis. Network Backgrounder. October 1995.
An Introduction to Digitization Technologies and Issues. Network Backgrounder. September 1995.
CultureNet. Network Backgrounder. July 1995.
Response to the Information Highway Advisory Council paper Access, Affordability and Universal Service on the Canadian Information Highway. February 1995.
CRTC Convergence Hearings Submission. January 1995.
Access and Information: Notes and Copyright and other legal devices for the protection of intellectual properties.
January 1995.
The Internet: A Selected Glossary of Organizations. Network Backgrounder. December 1994.
North American Libraries and Librarianship. Encyclopedia article. December 1994.
Notes on "Towards an Open, Competitive and Integrated Global Information Society". November 1994.
OSI and TCP/IP in Government. Network Backgrounder. October 1994.
Access to the Information Highway: A Discussion Paper. September 1994.
ITS Commentary on Selected Issues before the Information Highway Advisory Council. September 1994. Selected Internet Projects in Communications, Content Creation, and Dissemination of Information. August 1994. Publicly Supported Information Technology Developments. August 1994.
Commentary on the Issues before the Information Highway Advisory Council. August 1994.
Extending Internet Electronic Mail with MIME. May 1994.
A Response to the Treasury Board's Blueprint for Renewing Government Services using Information Technology. ­ National Library of Canada response, May 1994.
“Creating an Enlightened Citizenry: Libraries and Education.” ­ A brief to the UNESCO Delor's Commission on Education, February 1994.
Background paper on optical disk technologies. December 1993.
“Shooting Gophers: A Critique of Internet Information Retrieval.” (Paper delivered April, 1993 for graduate/faculty colloquium, University of Western Ontario.)
“Sex and the Well­Connected Computer: Controlling Digital Pornography.” (Paper delivered August, 1993 for graduate/faculty seminar, University of Western Ontario.)
