Anju Sasi
Chempilakkal (H) Kanjar P.O Idukki
Mob: (+91)8139055071
Mail:mailtoanjusasi@gmail.com

Summary:
One year experience in Manual Testing . A self-starter and quick learner with the ability to analyze complex engineering problems evaluate and recommend alternatives and communicate recommendations effectively.

Professional Experience:

Organization
Designation
Duration
Hot Shot Mentors
Software Tester
July 10 2016- till date

Work experience:

Product	: Brandilla

Organization	: Hot Shot Mentors (November 2016 – TILL DATE) Role	: Software Tester
Responsibilities:
	•	Test Case preparation and test planning.
	•	Monitor the testing and the test environment, often using tools for this task, and often gather performance metrics.
	•	Execute and log the tests, evaluate the results and document problems found.
	•	Software Development Cycle

Project Description

A web-based fruit and vegetable marketing network would facilitate sales transactions between growers and retailers. It would allow local producers to enter into markets previously limited due to competition from established and entrenched distributors. Both producers and retailers will benefit from an enlarged distribution system. Retailers’ choices will become greatly enhanced as the competitive "playing field" with out-of state distributors is leveled as fresh local, organic, and/or sustainably produced produce become readily accessible. Purchasing of goods online, user can choose different products based on categories, online payments , delivery services and hence covering the disadvantages of the existing system and making the buying easier and helping the vendors to reach wider market.

Other Qualifications:
I have completed Software Testing certifications in Spyrosys institute at the duration of 2 months . It includes the following areas:

	•	Manual Testing : STLC, Test case Preparation
	•	Automation Testing: QTP,Selenium

Education:


S.NO.
CLASS
INSTITUTE
YEAR OF PASSING
% MARKS


1.


Secondary School

Sacred Heart English Medium Higher Secondary School


2010


81%

Leaving Certificate




Examination




(SSLC)




2.

Higher Secondary Certificate Examination
St.George Higher Secondary School

2012

79%

3.

B-tech(Computer Science and Engineering)
Mahatma Gandhi University

2016

65%



Personal Details:




Name
Date of Birth Sex Nationality
Languages known
 Anju Sasi
24/09/1994
Female Indian
English, Malayalam, Tamil



Declaration

I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true and fair to the best of my knowledge and belief.

Place: Idukki	Anju Sasi
