Prem Topiwala
89A Albert Road, Luton, LU1 3PS
Email: premtopiwala@gmail.com
Tel: +44 7404108831

I am an ambitious and personable individual with experience in direct marketing and customer service. Freshly graduated, I am seeking a role in marketing and outsourcing field.
Education and qualification
2014 – 2015    University of Bedfordshire, Luton, UK
                        MSc International Business and Management
Modules include: Marketing, Business and Management, International Marketing, Business Data Analysis, Intercultural Business Context, Financial Analysis, Personal Brand, Managing People, Corporate Finance, Digital Business Management and Applied Management Project.
Dissertation: Critical analysis of food and diet industry’s marketing approaches against nutritional advices to strike better balance or health benefits.

2013 -              South Gujarat productivity council, Surat, India
                        Diploma in Export Import Business
2011 – 2013    DR Patel and RB Patel Commerce College, Surat, India
                        Bachelors of Commerce
Modules include: Business administration, Macro Economics, Cost and Corporate Accountancy, Mercantile Law, Banking, Auditing and Management Accounting.

2009 – 2010    Ryan International School, Surat, India
                        Higher Secondary Certificate Examination
2007 – 2009    Ryan International School, Surat, India
                        Secondary School Certificate Examination

Work Experience
Apr 2015 – Till Date: Marketing and Sales Assistant, LGB Direct, London, UK
                                  In this role I was supposed to talk to customers randomly by visiting their homes (door to door) and make them explain the company’s works and policy. Convincing customers to tie up for a monthly direct debit for various charity organisations was my secondary role. I had to maintain positive attitude throughout the working day.
Oct 2014 – Mar 2015: Marketing and Sales Trainee, LGB Direct, London, UK
                                    Duties and responsibilities were less in this role compared to marketing and sales assistant. I was trained for talking to customers, maintaining positive attitude and concentrating on goal. I was under constant supervision while communicating with customers.
Apr 2014 – Sept 2014: Customer Service Assistant, KFC, Dunstable, UK
                   In this role I served customers, managed the till system, took deliveries, stocked the items and undertook general daily cleaning. I was awarded employee of the month for two times for highest upselling.
Apr 2011 – Feb 2014: Trainee, Landmark Constructions, Surat, India
                                    This was the office based job where I had to book customers for property viewing. I had to show and explain them about the property they are interested in and further update the management with the daily reports of the customers.

Additional Skills and Achievements
IT Skills: 
	•	Confident in Microsoft Office packages.
	•	Experienced in social media feeds and web content.
Recognition:
	•	Interschool Football and Table Tennis player, 2007 – 2009.
	•	Interschool Quiz contest winner, 2009.
	•	Attended INMUN (Indian Model of United Nations), New Delhi, 2007.
Interest and Hobbies:
	•	Enjoy plying and watching football and Table tennis.
	•	Interested in communicating and networking with new people.
	•	Like going gym regularly.
