SUDHEER V.MUHAMMED				
'VATTAKUDY HOUSE'
NELLIKUZHI P.O. 
ERNAKULAM (Dist.)                                                     Mob: 8281065563 
KERALA					           Ph: 0485 2852253
PIN: 686691				                        Email: sudheer.muhammedv@gmail.com


Objective:
	
 To use my creativity and logical skill for the betterment of the firm for which I work 
 and to constructively develop my thought and  personality during the process..

Academic Qualifications:

Qualification
University/Board
Institution
Performance
B Tech, Computer Science and Engineering(2003 –07)
Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam, Kerala
Mar Athanasius College of Engineering, Kothamangalam
60.9%
A.I.S.S.C.E 2003
C.B.S.E
Vimalagiri Public School, Kothamangalam
72.00%
A.I.S.S.E 2001
C.B.S.E
Vimalagiri Public School, Kothamangalam 
76.40%

Skills:

Languages  and Frameworks
C#.Net,ASP.NET 4.0, 3.5 ,2.0,WPF,WF, WCF,  Silverlight, MVC-(3,4) ,    MVVM , LINQ, Entity Framework 4.0, JQuery, JQuery Mobile,  JSON, CSS ,XML,HTML 5,AJAX, ADO.Net, VB.Net ,C, C++, JAVA
Operating Systems
Windows , LINUX
Tools
Visual Studio 2010,2008, 2005,2003, SVN, VSS, Dexterity , Adobe DreamWeaver ,Adobe FireWorks ,Net Beans 
Others 
Microsoft Dynamics GP , MS CRM 4.0, Familiar with MS SQL Server 2008,2005, Oracle  9i, MS SQL Server 2000,MySQL, NopCommerec customisation.

Experience:  4+  years 

	•	Network Systems &Technologies (NeST), Technopark,Trivandrum – March 2011 to till date.     

	•	Kameda Infologics , Technopark Trivandrum- Novemeber 2010 to  March 2011


	•	Reachmarketing Inc,Trivandrum – October 2008  to May 2010




 Projects Profile:

	•	Nop commerce customisation 
Technologies Used : ASP.Net MVC 4.0 , Jquery, Entity Framework 4.0, LINQ,Autofac,Fluent validation 

	•	Failure RMA Tracker
Role - Team  Lead
Technologies Used : ASP.Net, SQL Server

	•	Tele-Tag:
 Technologies Used : ASP.Net MVC 3.0 , Entity Framework 4.0, LINQ, JQuery Mobile ,  WCF , FFMPEG API, Facebook API,Twitter API.
Tele-Tag is an online mobile game targetting viewers of  tv channels .  UI designed using jquery mobile . Have 3 users – the players , sponsors (channels) and admin . Sponsors are being served by Tele Tag and they can consume teletag service . The website is integrated with social networks including facebook ,twitter etc . 

	•	CRS – Central Reciepe Server
Technologies Used : EF 4.0, WCF, WPF , LINQ
Central Reciepe Server is a source control  software for  reciepes and library components  CRS is a repository of recipe and recipe library components. Central and local recipe databases are automatically synchronized when recipes are added, deleted or updated. It will be integrated with an existing client machines for each tools.
It also has a management console for settings and other inputs in server side. 

	•	Pattern Editor 
Technologies Used : WPF , MVVM ,  LINQ
Pattern Editor is a user interface that defines patterns and measurement areas for the purpose of statistical quality analysis of glass materials, Semiconductor materials and lenses, which is integrated to a mapping hardware. The software will be an interface for giving the valid input to the mapping hardware as well as it analyses the quality information read from the hardware.  

	•	ICE CELL FTS:
Technologies Used : WF 4.0,  WPF , LINQ,  WCF
Cell FTS is a host software which is used to automate the equipment in a Semi conductor fab manufactoring company . It is build upon a cell controller service which implements all the functionalities of equipment . It contains Workflow activities that corresponds to job sequences that to be performed with the equipment .

	•	Hospital Information System : 

Technologies Used : WPF , C#.Net ,Oracle
Comprehensive, scalable hospital management Information software designed for use in all types of clinical settings - from a primary healthcare center to multi-specialty tertiary care hospital. The ease of use and the wealth of information provided are specifically targeted to simplify the work pressure of healthcare provider and improve the quality and work flow. Manage the administrative, financial and clinical aspects of a hospital.

        7 . Phoenix Cardnet – ASP.Net Website  

Technologies Used :  ASP.Net 3.5 , MS SQL 2005 , MS SQL Server Reporting Services, LINQ,AJAX ,RAD Controls , jQuery , eConnect , GP Webservices .
A website for managing users and transactions for  sold ATM and POS machines . All the sales reports and customer management are implemented .  The website is integrated with a GP application using eConnect and Webservices .

        8 . Phoenix Cardnet – Microsoft Dynamics  GP Application .

Technologies Used : Dynamics GP, Microsoft Dexterity ,  Visual studio tools 
Dynamics GP application for financial processing of phoenix ATM and POS machines sales . 

        9. PSA -  Program status analysis 
A web application for analysis and management of different  types of  project . Provision for importing and exporting projects from different project management softwares like MS Project. 
Technologies Used :  ASP.Net 3.5 , LINQ,MS SQL 2005, AJAX ,RAD Controls

        10.  Myetrek
Social networking  website . Fully ajax enabled website with all features of normal social networking websites . Videos , galleries seperate school and college sections ,
                 book section , walls etc.
Technologies Used :  ASP.Net 3.5 , MS SQL 2005,LINQ, AJAX ,RAD Controls,JQuery
        11.  Reach Marketing inc – CRM Website + web store 
 www.reachmarketinginc.com was developed for a US client. The Reach is an online marketing site. The Reach site contains website marketing, flyers and software. The reach site has 4 types of users client, Employee ,admin, and reach partner. It includes flyer sending options, and system to manage the orders from the client. And admin and employee side is designed such as they can communicate through the system itself, and mail sending is also allowed there between the users, admin can assign the work and responsibilities through the site itself. Environment: VisualStudio.Net 2005, ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server 2000/2005, MS SQL Server Reporting Services 2000/ 2005, IIS 6.0.

12 . Carnivo XO – www.carnivoxo.com            www.carnivoxo.com was developed for a US client. The Carnivo is an online marketing           site. The Carnivo site contains Blog, forum, chat order posting etc. And Carnivo contains a weekly news sending service.  And it contains admin part to control most part of the system from the site itself. Environment: VisualStudio.Net 2005, ASP.NET, C#, SQL Server 2000/2005, MS SQL Server Reporting Services 2000/ 2005, IIS 6.0. 
       13 .Homeownership Talk - www.homeownershiptalk.com
This site is also developed for a us client, through which user can ask their doubts regarding their loan, and home ownerships. From the site itself admin can see the questions and can send reply to them, auto mail sending, flyer sending is also allowed in this site.


Passport :

Name: Sudheer Vattakudy Muhammed
Passport Number : G4922169

Hobbies:

 Listening to music
 Playing and watching football,cricket,badminton
 Learning new technologies
 Writing Technical Articles
  
Personal Details:

Age & Date of Birth
27, 22nd  July 1985
Sex 
Male
Nationality 
Indian
Father’s Name
V.A.Muhammed
Languages Known
English, Malayalam,Hindi

Declaration:

	I hereby declare the details given above are true to my best of my knowledge and belief.
                    

Place: Trivandrum						           Yours Sincerely,
Date:
                                                                                                                   Sudheer V.Muhammed
