




EDUCATION

Rice University, Houston, Texas
Master of Science, Statistics
Sept. 2013  – Current
Current GPA: 4.06
Data Mining and Computational Statistics
Courses: Advanced Linear Regression, Experiment Design, Mathematical Statistics, GLM Analysis, Stochastic Process, Data Mining, Statistical Computing with R, SAS Programming.
Minzu University of China, Beijing, China
Bachelor of Science, Information and Computing Sciences
Sept.2009 – June.2013 Cumulative GPA: 3.7
Computational Mathematics
Courses: Data Structure, Computation Method, Linear Programming, Information Theory, Database etc.
EXPERIENCE

Rice University, Houston, Texas
Step. 2013 – Dec. 2013
Startup Companies Dataset Analysis

	•	Leaded a group to analyze the American Startup dataset (by Crunchbase) covering Startups’ information since year 1987.
	•	Used R’s package ggplot2, gmap, plyr etc. to clean, group and statistically visualize the dataset.
	•	Built a logistical regression to analyze Startups’ survivability and growth potential.
Institute of Computing Technology, Chinese Academic of Science, Beijing
Oct. 2012 – May. 2013
Undergraduate Researcher in Computer Vision

	•	Applied Adaboost Leaning methods to face detection in relatively complex environment.
	•	Built a basic supervised learning Neural Network to classify the face from the non-face by MatLab.
	•	Researched into state-of-art facial detection methods and compared their pros and cons.
China Universal Asset Management Co., Ltd., Beijing
June.2012 – Aug. 2012
	•	Retrieved customs’ data via SQL, did basic analysis summary using Excel and helped to write weekly report.
Minzu University of China, Beijing
Step. 2011 – Dec. 2011
Questionnaires based study on minority students’ oversea study phenomenon.

	•	Leaded a four-member team to design and handout about 2,000 questionnaires to undergraduates.
	•	Typed the collected questionnaires into SPSS and did cluster and discriminant analysis on the categorical data. Wrote a report to the MUC international exchange center.
	•	Exported SPSS data and imported them into SQL server and built a Visual Basic program to query and retrieve interesting subset for further research usage.
TECHNICAL SKILLS

Programming Language: MatLab, R, SAS, SQL, Python, C/C++, VB, Java. (decedent by proficiency) Software: SPSS, Excel, SQL Server 2005
HONORS

Honorable Mention at Mathematical Contest in Modeling organized by COMAP Meritorious Award at China Undergraduate Modeling Contest
Outstanding Award at Beijing Undergraduate Research and Training Program
