Title: Application for Job as developer					                   
Dear Sir,
I write to express my interest in the position as Software Engineer in your company. My responsibilities included the designing, development and debugging of the application. Most of the projects that I have dealt with are windows and web application. 
Experience has taught me how to build strong relationships with all departments in an organization. I have the ability to work within a team as well as cross-team. I can work with web engineers to resolve technical issues and implement technical enhancements, work with the development department to implement design and functional enhancements.
Thank you for your consideration. 
Sarath .K.S
				                   
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE   :           1+  years.                                                                                                           


BJ CORPS                                   :  Developer
RIOLABZ TECHNOLGIES     :  Developer


Responsibilities
	•	My responsibilities include the designing, development and debugging of the application. 
	•	Most of the projects that I have dealt with are  web application. 

	


PROJECTS WORKED ON : 

Project 1 : Online tutoring site (website)                                                                                                                              

Environment: PHP , MySQL, Ajax , JQuery, HTML

Role: Developer

Brief Description of project 
3 different login – student, teacher, admin.
Student: View/update profile, view/ manage payment/order histories, View teacher’s list- Search/filter the list by name, subject, topic, level of study and could buy teacher class as units of 1 hour each. He could select any of the time that teacher available and not purchased by any other user. Payment could done through PayPal.
Teacher: View/update profile, view/ manage payment/order histories, Teacher could declare their available timings on any date/time it is allowed alter the list at any time that are not purchased by any user.
Admin: View all the user profiles and their activities and delete/block/unblock users. View/manage orders/payments. Order/payment history could be filtered by teacher name, student name, date, order status, etc. Reports could be view by a day/week/month/year/all. 

Responsibilities:
Designing, Coding, Debugging.




Project 2:  http://www.janeelvinproperty.com.au  (Real Estate Site)                                                                                                                       

Environment  : PHP , word-press  , MySQL, Ajax , JQuery, HTML
Role : Developer

Brief Description of project :

Real estate site shows lists of properties for sale,sold properties and there details and description.
admin panel: word-press plugin. Admin could add for sale,sold properties and there details and description

Responsibilities:
Designing, Coding, Debugging.



Project 3:  : CRM- for kairos educational group  (Web Application)                                                                                                             

Environment  : PHP , MySQL, Ajax , JQuery, HTML
Role : Developer

Brief Description  of project :
4 different login: super-admin, admin, manager, staffs.
Any of the users could create a new leads. Super admin View/manage all leads and could make teams for the leads and making any of the admin/manager as the team leader. Admin/manager/staff could view only the leads that are assigned to them by super admin. Team leader could assign tasks to his team member for the lead. Each user will have their own calendar showing all there associated leads and tasks, He could update status, progress of the lead/task created and could add notes for each action.

Responsibilities:
Designing, Coding, Debugging.

Project 4 :   https://www.sandalesaddlery.com.au/ (Online Shopping  Site)                                                                                                                                    

Environment: PHP, MySQL, JQuery, Ajax , HTML
Role: Developer

Brief Description of project:
A site for Online Equestrian Supplies. Products are categorised in a well manner and could be viewed brandwise, product search etc. Any product could have a number of variants. Each one will differ in their properties.
Admin panel to add categories, subcategories, products. Admin could link them as desired. Admin will get complete details of orders, purchases, stock, reports etc.

Responsibilities:
Designing, Coding, Debugging.

Project 5 :   http://www.hekilioutrigger.com.au  (website)                                                                                                                                     

Environment: PHP, word-press  , MySQL, JQuery, Ajax , HTML
Role: Developer

Brief Description of project :
Site for a canoeing group. Made the admin panel to add the headlines, contents, photos and galleries. And made the front-end dynamic
Responsibilities :
Designing, Coding, Debugging.



Project 6:                                                                                                                              

Also worked with various sites like http://www.lauggs.com.au/, http://www.grandprixmazda.com.au/,  http://www.scraustralia.com/, http://www.samallen.com.au/, http://www.springlakehotel.com.au/, etc.



EDUCATION












B.Tech (EC)
2010
S.N.G.C.E ,Kadayiruppu (M.G.U)
       61.81%
Class XII
2006
Govt.HSS,perumbavoor (Kerala Board)
       81.17%
Class X
2004
Asram HSS, Kurppampadi (Kerala Board)
       77.11%




SKILLS













Technical
 skills

	•	Mark Up Languages          : HTML.
	•	Server Side Technologies  : JSP , PHP .
	•	Scripting Languages          : Java Script, JQuery, AJAX.
	•	OPERATING SYSTEM           : windows (7/ XP/ Server 2003)
	•	DATABASES                           : MySql.
	•	Programming Languages  : Core JAVA   , C .
	•	APPLICATION BASED         : Ms Office Suit( Word, Excel, P.Point)
	•	Thorough knowledge in OOPS concepts.






PERMANENT ADDRESS

Choopruth  House,
North Ezhipruram,
Marampilly  .P.O,
Aluva- 683107.
Phone No. (M)  : 9995111998
Email   sarath_89@yahoo.com

DECLARATION

I confirm that the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge.
												
Place: Aluva										Sarath .K.S
Date:                                                                                                                                          
