Sidra Zafar
Email Address: sidrazafar31@gmail.com
Phone number: 00968-93624305 (OMAN)
Address: Al Hail Greens Residency, Al Mawallah north 100 way#A29 Street# 205


OBJECTIVE
To be a vital member in a team of an organization, to apply my diverse expertise in the field of Accounts, HR, finance & Administration and to further enhance my knowledge by acquiring new skills, technologies and to come forward with best of my abilities.
Seeking responsible assignment in an organization where the job demands challenging efforts and an aggressive touch of innovative talents.

WORK EXPERIENCE
Administration Officer
Company: Australian based company KM-Communications H&H security. (Pakistan)
Time Frame: 1 year (2015-2016)
Responsibilities:
Administer and monitor the financial system in order to ensure that the municipal finances are maintained in an accurate and timely manner.
Main Activities:
	•	Account Manager & Roster management with Guard dispatching
	•	Implement financial policies and procedures
	•	Reconcile the general ledger
	•	Establish and maintain supplier accounts
	•	Ensure data is entered into the system
	•	Ensure transactions are properly recorded and entered into the computerized accounting system
	•	Prepare income statements
	•	Prepare balance sheets
	•	Maintain financial files and records
Junior Accountant Assistant
Company: Universal enterprise. (Pakistan) Time Frame: 6 Months (2017) Responsibilities:
	•	Working with spreadsheets, sales, purchase ledgers and journals.
	•	Preparing statutory accounts.
	•	Calculating and checking to make sure accounts and records are correct.
	•	Managing petty cash transactions.

SKILLS
Good communication skills, self-respect, motivated, confident, time management skill, project management skill, willing to shoulder responsibilities and learned to work under pressure.


TECHNICAL SKILLS
	•	Proficient in using M.S Word, Excel & Power point.
	•	Operating systems used: MS Windows 7, 8,10

CORE COMPETENCIES
General Math Skills, Accounting, Deadline-Oriented, Reporting Skills, Attention to Detail,


EDUCATION QUALIFICATION
GRADUATION	Bachelors in Banking & Finance	FOUNDATION UNIVERSITY (Pakistan)


INTERMEDIATE	I.Com (statistic, Eco, banking)	Rawalpindi College of Commerce (Pakistan)

MATRICULATION	Biological Sciences	Joint Services School & College (Pakistan)

LANGUAGES
	•	English: (Read, Write & Spoken)
	•	Arabic: (Writing and Reading)
	•	Urdu: (Read, Write & Spoken)
	•	Hindi: (Spoken)
PROJECTS
Project 1

Title: Fiscal and Monetary Policy and its Impact on the Pakistan Economy – May 2016

Responsibilities: Conducted the interview session with senior officer of FBR Pakistan in order to discuss the impact & implementation of both the policies on Pakistan economy.


Project 2:

Title: Construction Planning and Execution for Housing Societies – June 2016

Responsibilities: In this project we work on all the major factors which are compulsory
/necessary in order to complete the project.

Project 3:

Title: Financial Analysis of Pakistan State Oil – January 2014
Responsibilities: Analyze the financial status of year (2012-2013) & make the comparison of profit & loss.
Project 4:

Title: Visa Cards Acceptance Amongst Users – June 2015
Responsibilities: According to our survey we concluded that visa acceptance is not on a large scale specifically in Pakistan’s banking users.


Personal Information

Date & place of birth: 31st July, 1990 Muscat, Oman.

Passport No: BC7711821.

Date of expiry: 20-11-2027

Present Location: Al Hail Greens Residency

Al Mawallah north 100 way # A29 street # 205

Marital Status: Married.

Languages

English: (Read, Write & Spoken) Arabic: (Writing and Reading) Urdu: (Read, Write & Spoken) Hindi: (Spoken)
Reference: Available on kind demand.
