                                                            
                                                                  RESUME 

SYED JABER, Email:syedjaber055@gmail.com, Mob: +91-8977435545.
OBJECTIVES:
Seeking for a career that is challenging and interesting where by putting myself into multiple technology, a job that gives me opportunities to learn, innovate and enhance my skills and strengths in conjunction with company goals and objectives.  PROFILE SUMMARRY: 
	•	An Innovative and resourceful person having Bachelor of Engineering degree in Civil engineering stream.
	•	Excellent in making designing, quantity surveying of various civil works.
	•	High Problem solving skills and analytical skills.
	•	Excellent written and communication skills.

TECHNICAL SKILLS:

	•	Professionally trained on Auto CAD, STAAD Pro. and E-Tabs
	•	MS office packages (MS Word/Excel/Power point).
	
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION:
Qualification
Board/University
Year	
Percentage %
Bachelor of Engineering,  Civil
MVSR Engineering college(Osmania University)
2015
90.0%
Diploma in civil engineering
Govt. Polytechnic College (SBTET)
2012
90.5% 
Secondary School Education
Brilliant High School
2009
87.33 %.
 PROJECT CARRIED OUT
Project Name-Analysis and design of Multi-storied building with Shear wall at different locations.
ProjectDuration- 3 Month
Description about the project - A Shear wall is provided in a building to resist seismic a wind forces.
This wall generally starts at foundation level and are continuous throughout the total height of building.
They are usually provided in between columns lines, in stair wells,lift wells and in shafts that house other utilities.
Shear wall provide lateral load resistance by transferring the wind and earthquake load to the foundation. Besides they impart lateral stiffness to the system and also carry gravity loads. 

ACHIEVEMENTS:
	•	Recipient of Gold medal for scoring top marks in diploma in civil engineering in 2012.
	•	Recipient of merit certificate & cash prize for scoring top marks in RCC subject presented by Ultra Tech cement in 2014.
	•	Recipient of cash prize for scoring top marks in diploma first year in 2010.
	•	Participated in technical and non-technical events in college fests. 
	•	Represented school at state level in National Science Congress.

INDUSTRIAL TRAINING ATTENDED:
	•	Undergone training in AP Police Housing Corporation Nizamabad for a period of 6 months as a part of syllabus in Diploma in Civil Engineering.                       
	•	 Supervising/Executing the work as per Drawings and specifications.
	•	Assisting the AE on site.
	•	Taking levels and measuring finished work for payment to contractors. 
	•	Quality control at the site.                
PERSONAL DETAILS:
Father’s Name                                        : Syed Moiz
Permanent Address                               : H-No-3-1-24/5, Saidabad, Armoor, Dist. Nizamabad. Telangana 503224
Date of Birth                                           : 10-03-93
Languages Known                                  : English, Hindi, Telugu, and Urdu 
Marital Status                                         : Single
Nationality                                               : Indian.

DECLARATION:
I do hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge.


Place	:  Hyderabad	
Date	: 									SYED JABER

