DEEPIKA KAUSHIK 		Contact No.: +91 9871904629 (M)
				                                                                                                                       Place: New Delhi, India
Email:	kaushik.deepika087@gmail.com						


To join an organization that can provide challenging goals and tremendous career growth opportunities. To evolve as a successful professional and at the same time get good experience by satisfying high demand of industry with hard work, patience and righteousness in your esteemed organization.

Location Preference: Open to work across the Globe
Career Benchmarks Achieved ~

	•	Got enrolled in Cost Accountancy in June '09.
	•	Undertook Article ship and performed various cost sheets and compliance report, data entry in tally Erp9 , and other tasks.
	•	Graduated as a Bachelor of Commerce in May '09.
	•	Employed by Jms & co in September’12.
Employment Details ~
From September’12 to Jan’14 with Jms & co  as an Accounts Assistant.
From Feb’14 to till date with Delhi Grip consultant private limited as an Accountant. 
 Core Areas of Work and Responsibilities:-
	•	Managing accounting entries in tally ERP 9.	
	•	Assist in finalization of accounts.
Income tax Matters
	•	Tax planning of individuals, firms, and companies.
	•	Computation of Total Income along with tax calculation according to Income Tax Act, 1961 for Companies, Firms, Trusts and Individuals.
	•	Preparation and e-filing of ITR for all above entities.

Scholastics ~

	Examinations
Institutions
Year
Cost  Accountancy      The Institute of Cost Accountant                                       of India

ICWAI (Group-1)

ICWAI (Group-2)
Bachelor of Commerce 
Delhi University
2009
Senior Secondary
CBSE Board
2005
Higher Secondary
CBSE Board
2002



IT Skills ~
	•	Tally and other customized accounting packages.
	•	Highly Conversant with MS-Office Suite (Excel, Word, PowerPoint).


Academic Achievements ~
	•	Secured 50% in ICWAI(Group-1) –50% and 53% in ICWAI (Group-2)
	•	Successfully accomplished 100 hours ICWAI Training course.

Personal Dossier ~
Father’s Name				: Mr. Ravinder kaushik	
Date of Birth				: 20th Jan 1987	
Linguistic Abilities			: English, Hindi
Extra-Curricular Activities		: Listening Music and Travelling.
