Bio-data
Name
Merrnosh Ichhaporria
Date of Birth
16th April 1970
Marital Status
Widow
Permanent & Present address
B-101, Gitanjali Complex, Behind L.P. 
Savani High School, Pal Road,
Surat-395009
Email: 
merrnosh@gmail.com 
Contact numbers
Mobile: 
9727745101 / 9898077053
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION

EXAM PASSED
BOARD
YEAR OF PASSING
PASSING %
BBA *
Sikkim Manipal Open University, Distance Education
2014
4th semesters cleared and 5th  Semester running and the Subjects are : Production & Operations Management, Financial Management, Economic Planning & Policies, Taxation Management, Entrepreneurship Management 
HSC
Guj. Secondary Education Board
1992
Pass class
SSC
Guj. Secondary Education Board
1989
48%
Computer Proficiency: Certificate Course in MS office & Windows-98 from Better Carrier Management (BCM), Surat
Additional Qualification:
English Shorthand 
(100 wpm)
State Examination Board, Gandhinagar
May 1998
50%
English Shorthand
(80 wpm)
The Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce & Industries, Surat
May 1996
	•	Grade
English Shorthand
(60 wpm)
London Chamber of Commerce & Industries examination Board
1995
Distinction
English Typing
(40 wpm)
State Examination Board, Gandhinagar
1995
63%

	•	My ultimate goal is to complete MBA after BBA, most probably in the field of HR or Marketing. 
Also, know Gujarati typing on computer. A good knowledge of internet and can surf important sites and can obtain desired details as advised by Executive Director. Mostly, Executives Director's train, flight and foreign accommodations are being booked through online only. Very well acquainted with computer. 
Languages known:  English, Hindi & Gujarati
Work Experience:
Company / Institutions
Eureka Forbes Ltd.
Designation
Sales Representatives
Duration
6 months


Company / Institutions
M/s. Lohia Machinery Manufacturers
Designation
Office Secretary
Duration
March 1997 to April 2001 ( 4 years)

Present Employment
Indian Diamond Institute
Designation
PS to Executive Director-cum-Stenographer on contractual basis
Joining Date
May 1, 2001 till date
From 01st May 2002, my services was regularized in the pay-scale from the contractual basis and I had been designated at PS to Executive Director
Total work experience
13 + years

Job Profile:
	•	Taking dictations & Correspondence work
	•	Also, do individual correspondence on advise of director
	•	Keeping track of Director's appointment
	•	Handling Director's Guests
	•	Filing (record) work / documentation
	•	Co-ordination with all employees in the institute
	•	Arrange train & flight tickets for Director as well as other officials of the institute
	•	Looking after Director's accommodation, etc. domestic as well as international and other facilities, tour itinerary
	•	Follow up important matters
	•	Arrange meetings & conferences
	•	Also, prepare Agenda & Minutes of the meeting
	•	Screening and reviewing of all important incoming and outward mails.
	•	Checking e-mails and then forwarding to the concerned departments
	•	Maintaining and keeping track of Director's bank details and transactions
	•	Prepare Press notes in English / Gujarati of various functions / events being held at institute
	•	Also, translates press notes from English to Gujarati and vice versa
	•	Maintain personal records of all employees
	•	Also look after personal work of Director
	•	All work relating to correspondence
	•	Interaction - from / to Director
	•	At present, also handling cash inflow of the institute single handedly in the Cash Department as an additional responsibilities in term of Jobwork income and the fees of the students towards their course fees very efficiently. Also, in absence of training department personnel, courses inquiries are also being given by me to those students who approach institute personally for the courses details. 
	•	Schedule of Director's meeting with employees, visitors, maintain Director's chamber
	•	Issuing notes / notices upon the IDI's personnel
	•	Also, attended and manned the stall of IDI during the last and recent India International Jewellery Show held at Mumbai, NSE Goregaon complex, Stalls at Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors summit being organized by Govt. of Gujarat every year and also SPARKLE exhibition at Surat being organized by The Southern Gujarat Chamber of Commerce & Industry.





Personal Information:
Name			: Merrnosh Ichhaporria
Maritial status	: Widowed
Nationality		: Indian
Caste			: Parsi
Hobbies		: Reading, Music, Drawing, Sports
Interest		: Always strive to do something new and try to give the best which 
                                is in the interest and benefit of the employer.



CTC FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR APRIL 2013 TO MARCH 2014 IS RS. 3,12,714/-

On selection, I have to give month month’s notice period to my present employer.


Date :  29/05/2015



