PRAKASH KARUPPAIYA
Food Processing Engineer
1348 D/ 233, Palaniyappa Nagar, Thirugokarnam,
Pudukkottai 622 002 Tamil Nadu
+91 - 81241 28000	Date of Birth: 19th September 1991
prakashfoodeng@gmail.com	Marital Status: Single

SENIOR OFFICER
PRODUCTION ●OPERATIONS●QUALITY MANAGEMENT
Result oriented, proactive and hardworking professional with 4 years of achievement driven experience in end to end production with quality management in food industry. Hands on experience in production planning, quality management and manpower supervision in the manufacturing environment. Solid knowledge of the manufacturing of Ready to Eat (RTE) corn foods includingproduct development, product testingand process operations with experimental and laboratory techniques. Strategically manage operations of staples foods (cereals, pulses, flours & sugars) Reprocessing centers (RPC’s) in assigned location within targeted processing costs, CAPEX and OPEX. Understanding of all aspects governing operational and production activities with latest technological advancements, regulations and statutory compliances in the industry with effective resource optimization, focusing on waste reduction, enhancing productivity and profitability. Highly computer literate and strong team builder with proven ability to motivate team members towards achieving production targets
 	AREA OF EXPERTISE	

Production planning & execution
Quality adherence & control
ISO 22000:2005
Inventory planning
Manpower supervision
BOM RBOM
Operations management
SOP improvements/ Kaizen
Appraisal
Ready to Eat production
Retort technology
Lab analysis
Steam air, Water immersion & Rotary retort sterilization operations	5 S audit
El-lab validation (Thermocouples & Data loggers)	MVTR & OTR
 	WORK EXPERIENCE	
ADITYA BIRLA RETAIL LTD, ADITYA BIRLA GROUP, Chennai
Reprocessing Center (RPC)
Senior Officer - Production & Quality Management	since Dec′15
Production & Operation Management
	•	Responsible to execute planning, production and dispatch of RPC staples to meet the approved fill rate within available capacity and productivity.
	•	Responsible for overseeing that the production target is achieved with acceptable quality i.e. grade, packing and specifications.
	•	Coordinating	with	respective	commodity	buyers	to	meet	RPC	bulk	stock requirements.
	•	Maintaining Inventory of raw materials and packing materials within target of month- end RPC inventory.
	•	Ensuring adherence to monthly operational cost within annual budget preparations.
	•	Control processing loss and give away in production and maintaining stock audits in desired limits.

	•	Responsible for FIFO, CAPA, BOM & RBOM activities with effective implementation and monitoring of cleaning schedule and strict personnel hygiene measures inside the plant.
Quality Management
	•	Responsible for performing burst test and vacuum teston samples from each load being processed.
	•	Meeting ABRL quality standards and driving customer delight by delivering our commitment of Quality 1st and focused on health and safety of all employees and visitors to the facility.
	•	Responsible for QA & FSMS audits compliance from TUV South Asia Limited. Workforce Management
	•	Conducting GHP training programs to the employees and workers regularly.
	•	Making appraisals of the officers and supervisors performance.

JAYASHREE FOOD PRODUCTS, Salem	Jun′13 - Nov′15
Senior Executive - Production Management & Research Development Production & Operation Management
	•	Making the production plan on monthly & daily basis and planning of products for
dispatches in FIFO.
	•	Processing products within established processes to ensure a commercially sterile product is achieved bymonitoring the process and critical control points effectively.
	•	Responsible for maintenance of machinery equipment, instruments and infrastructures as required for monitoring in-process quality control and critical control points as per FSSAI Standards.
Quality Assurance
	•	Responsible for performing burst test, vacuum test, residual test and microbial test on samples from each load being processed.
	•	Analyzing non-conforming materials, components and products for root-cause analysis and ensuring corrective actions as continual improvement.
	•	Responsible for FSMS audits compliance by various agencies including BSA & KEC. R & D
	•	Developed RTE products of sweet corn cobs, cup-o-corn, popcorn and corn nuts. General Management
	•	Conducting training programs to the employees and workers.
	•	Making appraisals of the executives and supervisors performance.
	•	Providing help and advice to customers on the products.
 	EDUCATION	
INDIAN INSTITUTE OF CROP PROCESSING TECHNOLOGY, Thanjavur
Bachelor of Technology in Food Process Engineering - CGPA 8.69	2013

MOUNT ZION METRIC HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL, Pudukkottai
Higher Secondary Course Certificate - Score: 87.5 %	2009

SRI KULABATHI BALAIAH HIGHER SECONDARY SCHOOL, Pudukkottai
Secondary School Leaving Certificate - Score:86.8 %	2007


 	PROFESSIONAL TRAINING	
TUV India Pvt Ltd
1.   ISO 22000:2005 Implementation Training Course	Aug′16
Confederation of Indian Industry Workshops
	•	5S Efficiency through Basics 5S Practices	Apr′15
	•	Achieving Zero Break Down: Workshop on Planned Maintenance	Apr′15
	•	Developing New Machines and Products with Least Cost in Short Time	Apr′15
	•	Enhancing Productivity & Customer Satisfaction through Lean Six Sigma Apr′15
	•	Essence of Japanese Production Management	Aug′14
	•	Manufacturing Excellence through Low Cost Techniques (5S)	May′14
Salem Productivity Council Workshops
1. Developing Field Staff and Supervisors Team for Quality and Productivity Jul′14
SGS India Pvt Ltd	Apr′14
1. HACCP Principles, Guidelines for Implementation & Internal Auditing - Module H1
 	COMPUTER SKILLS	
Use of advanced testing instruments, MS word, excel, ERP Oracle, Adobe Photoshop and has an ability to learn new computer applications quickly and independently
 	KEY STRENGTHS	
Highly enthusiastic and passionate about work. Very confident and comes across as a mature individual, despite being a young food engineer, can communicate clearly and confidently
 	PERSONAL DETAILS	
Gender	:	Male
Age	:	25 years 8 months
Blood group	:	O +
Father’s name	:	Karuppaiya S Nationality	:	Indian
Passport no	:	J9113404
Hobbies	:	Reading books, sports & music
Languages	:	Tamil, English, Hindi
DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief

Date	:
Place	:	Chennai
 

PrakashKaruppaiya
