





CARRIER OBJECTIVES
 INDU.R

Email : indurajendran.1993@gmail.com 
contact no. : 8310978070 / 9845206158

8.53



Seeking position in an organization where I can display my technical abilities and knowledge to contribute for the growth of organization simultaneously helping me to fulfill my carrier objectives and widen my knowledge in this rapid changing field.

Bangalore, Karnataka

2008-2009

74.72%

St Mira’s High School

Karnataka State Board

10th

Bangalore, Karnataka

2009-2011

59.83%

KLES Ind Pu College

Karnataka State Board

12th

Bangalore, Karnataka

2012-2015
75.1%

Vijaya College


Bangalore University

B.Sc
[Computer Science]


Bangalore, Karnataka


2015-2017
1st Sem : 8.1 2nd Sem : 8.7
3 rd and 4th Sem Results yet to be announced


Bangalore University


Bangalore University

M.Sc
[Computer Science]

City

Year
Percentage/ GPA

Institution

Board

Education


TECHNICAL SKILLS

	•	Programming Languages: C , C++ (basics) , Core Java ,(basics) HTML ,PERL
	•	Platforms: Windows , Linux(Ubuntu);
	•	Database: MySQL
	•	Others: UML

PROJECTS

	•	Railway Reservation System
Description : Railway Reservation System that facilitates the railway customer to manage their reservations ,cancellation of ticket and the railway administrator to modify the backend database in user-friendly manner.

	•	Hospital Management
Description : An electronic management in hospital or nursing home would simplify the process of maintaining patients records and other inventory details and also the accounts related to patients and staff/doctors.

	•	Tourism Management
Description : It aims at developing a computerized system to maintain all the trips of the customers. It has many features which are aimed at enabling smooth and effective management of the tourism activities such as booking and cancellation of trip Payment module,status of customer booking and know which are the places available for trip.

	•	Fast Nearest Neighbor Search Using Keywords
Description : The access method called spatial inverted index(SI-index) has the ability to perform keyword-augmented nearest neighbor search in time .This method is implemented in searching the nearest restaurant that is the closest by using the keyword (famous dish) and provide fast access to those objects based on different selection criteria.
.


EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES
	•	Active participation in sports ( i.e Throw ball) various competitions like rangoli , Mehandi during college.
	•	Attended 1 day workshop on Crystallography,Statistical Mechanics and Quantum Mechanics.
	•	Diploma in Computer Application(DCA)


PERSONAL DETAILS

Date Of birth : 29 November 1993

Nationality : INDIAN

Languages Known: English , Kannada , Tamil,Telugu

Hobbies : Cooking , Singing, Reading , Outdoor activities like , Badminton



DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the information given above are true and to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Place : Bangalore Date:
Indu.R
