true knowledge (CURRICULAM VITAE)

SANJAY CHOURE
E-mail: sanjaychoure18@gmail.com
Contact No:  +91- 8849518387 (mobile)
                       +91- 9770402165
Experienced in Rotating and Static Equipment Maintenance Petrochemical Refineries and heavy fabrication

Maintenance Activities for rotating equipments:
	•	Installation, major Overhauling, Preventive, predictive, Break down and shutdown maintenance and troubleshooting of all types of Rotating Equipments (Pumps, compressors, Gear boxes, Blowers, induced draft Fans, forced draft fans, Agitators).
	•	Hot & Cold Alignment for all rotating equipment by using Reverse dial and Rim & Face Dial Indicator  method. 
	•	Reading & Understanding of Technical Drawings.
	•	Pump and compressor Maintenance Experience.
Maintenance Activities for static equipments: 
	•	Retubing of U-tube and straight tube exchanger bundle.
	•	Onsite Maintenance and servicing of Heat exchangers and Fin-Fan Coolers.
General workshop maintenance activities: 

	•	Good knowledge in Gas cutting & welding, All Machine shop Machineries like. (Lathe, Drilling, Milling, Grinding surface grinding) and all types of Field instruments.
	•	Assist with Heavy Equipment and Riggers for carrying the material and equipment.
	•	Knowledge and worked about NDT and working of UT, MT, RT, DP tests.
Maintain records related for equipments and safety:
	•	Documentation of Equipment Maintenance History records, Spare part consumptions, yearly budgeting of maintenance cost, Plant down time calculation and Technicians time sheets. 
	•	Conducting Toolbox meetings, Critical Task analysis and Job safety analysis, and Hazard studies.
	•	SMP-Standard Maintenance Procedure taken for Hourly based equipment.
	•	Co-ordinating with other departments for scheduling and execution of work.
Additional Qualifications:
	•	CNC Machine Operation and program for production lathe & AutoCAD 2007 for designing works in Indo German Tool room Indore.
	•	Knowledge of windows XP/7 and MS office(MS word, Excel & Power point)
	•	Training in hydro power plant Bargi.
	•	Training in Tata commercial Jabalpur.




Experience Summary:


 (Jul 2016 to august 2017)
  (oil and gas refinery)
    


1 March 2017 to 10 April   
            (40 days)


15 may 2017 to 15 june 
          (30 days)

(April 2015 to June 2016) Heavy fabrication division

   
  (jul 2014 to feb 2015)
            machining

    Reliance Industries Refinery  Jamnagar (G.J) Under : (Cr Asia India) Rotostat   Position : Mechanical Maintenance Supervisor Responsibilities: Planning and executing of all rotary and static Equipments Maintenance Activities.
     Reliance Petrochemicals Divison mora (G.J) under : Rotostat Services Pvt Ltd. Position : rotary supervisor, Responsibilities : shutdown jobs of Cracker plant planning of overhauling of CGC centrifugal compressor , C2R and C3R Etheleyene compressor Maintenance. 
      Petrochemicals Divison Dahej (G.J) under : Rotostat Services Pvt Ltd. Position: rotary supervisor, Responsibilities : shutdown job of Chlor Alkalie plant overhauling of Chlorine Compressor  Pvc and Vcm plant planning of P.M of pumps and agitators , blower casing replacement and alignment, P.M of ID & FD fan                                                                     
      Essar Heavy Engineering Services Hazira (G.J)  under : Aks Engineering  Position : production Supervisor, Responsibilities: fabrication of heavy equipments   i.e turbine casing, heat exchangers, nodulising drum, super structure for essar steel.
      Porwal industries pithampur (M.P) position: producton supervisor Responsibilites: handling production and quality there are Vmc , Vtl , Cnc machining facility of automobile parts.

                                       

Equipments Handled:

Pumps:
	•	Single and Multistage centrifugal pumps with different material of construction.
	•	Cooling tower feed water pumps.
	•	Vertical centrifugal type pumps.

Compressors:
	•	Single and Multistage centrifugal compressors Horizontal split compressors (Make: Elliott)

Centrifuges, Blowers and Fans:
	•	ID and FD fans, FD and ID Fin fans, and Blowers.

 Rotating Equipments and Alignments:
	•	Top and Bottom entry Agitators mounted in High pressure Reactors, tanks. 
	•	Gear Drives (Spur, Helical, Double helical, Worm and Spiral Bevel type Gears)
	•	Rim and Face, Reverse dial Graphical & Analytical method and laser alignment.









Educational and professional Qualification:
           Course Studied
Name of the Institution
Year of  passing
Marks Obtained
   Mechanical engineering. (B.E)
 Rajiv Gandhi Technical university bhopal
  Feb – 2014
 67.09 %
   Higher secondary school (12th)
 Excellence school barghat mp board
April – 2009
66.6%
          High school (10th)
         Excellence school barghat 
April – 2007
75.2%
           Course Studied
Name of the Institution
Year of  passing
Marks Obtained
   Mechanical engineering. (B.E)
 Rajiv Gandhi Technical university bhopal
  Feb – 2014
 67.09 %
   Higher secondary school (12th)
 Excellence school barghat mp board
April – 2009
66.6%
          High school (10th)
         Excellence school barghat 
April – 2007
75.2%








   

Personal Details:


01
Name
Sanjay Choure
02
Date of Birth

23-06-1992

03
Marital Status

Un married

04
Nationality

Indian and Hindu

05
Language Known

English, Hindi

06
Passport Details
P9916637, Valid Till : 22.06.2027
07
Hobbies
Reading of technical books, Watching discovery channel, Surfing of internet, Listening music and Playing badminton & cricket.

Declaration :  I hereby declared the above said details are correct up to my knowledge and belief

Date : 30th of Sep 2017                                                                                                                                                            Yours Faithfully       
                                                                                                                                                                                  (Sanjay Choure)
Place :  Surat                                                  
