                      RESUME                                         
ASAN MOHIDEEN 
Facilities Supervisor (D.M.E) 
Driving License in UAE 
Mobile No: 0554714892/0509672557 	 	 
E-mail: hasanmohideen4892@yahoo.com
OBJECTIVE: 
Manufacturing Professional with supervisory qualifications. Team oriented with proven ability to implement problem-solving techniques to get the job done first with the highest quality. Experienced and knowledgeable. .                                                                                        EDUCATION AND QUALIFICATION:
2007

Diploma in Mechanical Engineer


St. Xavier Polytechnic College
State Board, Tamil Nadu - India
Result: 73%
2004
Secondary School, State Board (SSLC)

Muslim Higher Secondary School, Tamil Nadu - India.
Result: 75%
DUTIES AND RESPONLITIES: Following for all Type of AMC contract, MEP, Firefighting, Pest control, CCTV etc. Quotation job approval& LPO prepare sent the client. Coordinate all contract workers
	•	Assist with the planning, organization and management of school events like National and International day and off campus events like student exhibitions. 
	•	Constantly update and manage a preventive maintenance schedule. Undertake responsibility of maintenance work during weekends, school holidays or after-school hours. 
	•	Schedule, manage and supervise the daily work and shift Rota of the in house and external maintenance and service staff. Priorities work on a need basis after consulting the appropriate heads. 
	•	Liaising with outside contractors such as landscaping, elevators, fire, MEP, LPG, waste disposal, pest control, etc. to ensure the school facilities are well maintained. 
	•	Undertaking responsibility for quotes from vendors and suppliers for facilities upgrade and maintenance and working with the Business Manager for budget approval and ensuring thoroughness and completion of the job. 
	•	Audit energy usage on the school campus and recommend energy saving solutions. 
	•	Maintain a log of all maintenance work, identify recurrent issues and patterns, and implement long term solutions. 
	•	Control of purchases and stock related to repairs and maintenance. Report concerns to the Bursar and recommend solutions. 
	•	Weekly maintenance check and submission of maintenance report to management. 
	•	Liaising with the cleaning contractor and their school based supervisor to ensure that their cleaning and hygiene standards meet the schools expectations. Revise their schedules as appropriate and recommend change in personnel if required. 
	•	Liaising with the Security Contractor on all security related issues to ensure compliance with policies on safety, security and child protection. 
Supervise and assign the work of maintenance employees. Inspect work for completeness. Determine material, equipment, and supplies to be used. Transfer equipment and personnel from one project to another as necessary. 
Keep time cards and other routine records. Coordinate and install, inspect, repair and maintain the electrical, plumbing, mechanical and other related systems. 
Coordinate and inspect, operate and maintain the heating and ventilation systems. Perform general repairs such as painting, patching walls, security hardware, hanging shelves.
 Coordinate and inspect major contract work on the electrical, plumbing, mechanical and other related systems. Worked with maintenance crews to improve set up time. 
MEP Supervisor Work Experience    2009 To 2013 ETA STAR MANGEMENT Supervise and assign the work of maintenance employees.
 MEP Supervisor Work Experience   2013To 2015 Chicago facilities management   AMC sub-contractor.
 MEP SUPERVISOR Work Experience   2015 TO UNTLL AL KARBASH FACLITIES MANAGEMENT AMC sub-contractor. 
	•	Management of the team of area supervisors under his responsibility. 
	•	Maintain, operate all HVAC systems and associated equipment, electrical equipment, plumbing    systems, building management system, and building repairs.
	•	Perform facility inspections and report on condition affecting operations. Monitor and supervise HVAC preventive maintenance contacts. Prepare and submit summary reports of conditions in buildings and recommend actions to be taken. Oversee and perform all building facilities Maintenance activities.
	•	Worked Closely with Project Management Team, reporting to higher management for all updates scenarios occur at group owned properties.
	•	Successfully worked with engineers and vendors for the proper installation of new equipment and removal of old equipment.
Plumbing: Swimming pool, Firefighting, water piping drainage piping, if required sewage treatment plant etc. 
HVAC: Split unit, window units chiller A/C, Package unit, FCU unit, as per building if required.



GULF EXPERIENCE: Mep Facility SUPERVISOR) ETA-STAR EDUCATION MANAGEMENT LLC]. DUBAI (2009-2013) 
(MEP.FACILITY& SITE SUPERVISOR)  AL NAJAH Management in Three Location HES, HKS, HORIZON INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL. IN DUBAI. 2013-TILLDATE….
Skills: Integrated Facility Management, Office Administrations, Shopping Mall, Villas, Tower maintenance. 
Personal information
Name                               :	  A. Asan Mohideen.
Father’s Name                :      P.M.Y. Ali Ibrahim.
Date of Birth                    :     30/03/1987
Sex                         :   Male  
Nationality              :   Indian.
Religion                  :    Muslim
Known Language    :    English, Hindi, Urdu, Malayalam and Tamil
Passport details
Passport Number    : G3265623
Date of issue           : 09/08/2007
Date of expiry          : 08/08/2017
Place of issue           : Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu – India.
Place & Date:                                                               ASAN MOHIDEEN

