
RESUME
MUTTHALAGAN.B

46j/117, Sannathi Street,

Thiruppanandal (post),

Thiruvidaimaruthur(Tk),

Thanjavur(DT),
Email ID- muthalagan222@gmail.com
Tamilnadu
Mobile No – 9597504884, 9284362703
612504.


Objective:
Seeking to obtain a challenge carrier and willing to achieve a fast track carrier development .Hold a responsible position, enhanced by skills to work in competitive environment.


Education qualification:



S.NO

QUALIFICATION

NAME OF THE

UNIVERSITY/

YEAR OF

PERCENTAGE


INSTITUTION
BOARD
COMPLETION

1

B.E

Pollachi institute of

Anna


2012-2016

6.2 CGPA

,MECHANICAL
Engineering and






University



ENGINEERING
Technology, Pollachi




2

HSC
Sri kayilai

State board

2011-2012

59%


Subramaniya Desiga





Swamigal Heigher Sec





School,Thiruppanandal




3

SSLC
Sri kayilai

State board

20O9-2010

79%


Subramaniya Desiga





Swamigal Higher Sec





School,Thiruppanandal



Career Summary
	•	As a result oriented engineering professional with 2 year of experience in Execution. Testing and commissioning of industrial engineering projects.
	•	Sound experience in applications of Fire Protection for various industrial customers.
	•	Hands on experience in Pipeline fabrication, erection and commissioning of automatic and manual sprinkler system, and Hose system, Foam System and Fire Extinguisher Systems, Fire pump rooms.
	•	Good experience in handling client interactions and project documentations.
	•	A highly passionate, goal oriented and a team player with the ability to work under pressure.



Experience:
Project Engineer (MAY 2016 to still now). Company in METEC DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION ENGINEERS INDIA PVT LTD


Project Description:
The scope of the project is for the design, supply, erection, testing and commissioning of sprinkler system, hydrant system and Fire Alarm System. The project involved supply of Automatic Sprinkler System, External Hydrant ring main System, Internal Hydrant ring main system, Fire alarm System as per the requirements of client. The project advisor was M/s.
Metec design and construction engineers India private limited. We have successfully executed the project within the project schedule.


Skills Sets& Competency Designing Tools:	AutoCAD Compétence Areas :
	•	Fire protection system (Pump Room, Sprinkler System, Hydrant System, Fire Extinguisher system, Foam system, )
	•	Fire alarm system


Strenth :

	•	Honest and responsible
	•	Good looking
	•	Be able to give Great solution
	•	Excellent on written
	•	Be able to make a good Relationship
	•	Good personalités and attractive
	•	Good communication and interpersonnel skills.




Role& Responsibilities:
As a Lead Sr. Engineer, I was responsible for


	•	Single point of contact for the project at the Customer Site Office and responsible for the project management and execution at site.
	•	Involved in drafting the drawing in AutoCAD as per modification as required at site.
	•	Execution of Hydro Static Pressure test as per NFPA CHAPTER-13
	•	Preparation of Material Receipt and Inspection Report
	•	Conducting internal team meeting at site
	•	Attending weekly review meeting by the client
	•	Perform Low Cost consumption techniques
	•	Preparing and closing of test pack and punch list for erected system
	•	Inspect all the works completed as per drawing and preparing Static Completion
	•	Sprinklers handled – Upright, pendent, Side wall,
	•	Commissioning & Handing Over activities.
Projects profile:

Project 1:	FPS (sprinkler, hydrant, Fire Extinguisher and foam)
Customer:	Cummins Indian ltd.
Site:	pune, Maharashtra
Project Value:	9 cr
Duration:	From May 2016 to April 2017
Role:	Project Engineer -Trainee


Project 2:	FPS (sprinkler, hydrant, Fire Extinguisher and foam)
Customer:	Cummins India ltd.
Site:	pune, Maharashtra
Project Value:	1.5cr
Duration:	From May 2017 to December 2017
Role:	Project Engineer





Hobbies:
	•	Hearing songs.
	•	Playing cricket, Chess & Kabbadi.

Personal profile:

Name
:
B.Mutthalagan
Date of Birth
:
15.07.1995
Gender
:
Male
Father’s name
:
P.Baskaran
Languages Known
:
TAMIL, HINDI, and ENGLISH
Nationality
:
Indian



Deceleration:
I consider myself familiar with Mechanical Aspects. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team.

Place:	signature
Date:	(B.Mutthalagan)


