 Cover Letter



Respected Sir/Madam, 


              I have done MBA with Finance and Operations as my dual specialization hereby applying for the post of Finance and Operations. In addition, I offer excellent organizational skills, which have proven to be a critical asset in driving operations during the current associations. These qualities, combined with my dedication and tireless work ethic, should enable me to make a positive impact at your organization. Enclosed is a copy of my resume for your review. I would welcome an opportunity to discuss your needs and objectives and the possibility of working together to meet them. Thank you for your time and consideration. If you prefer my profile will be interested for your company, do reply with the convenient time and date when I can possibly visit to your organization. 
              Waiting for your positive reply. 
 
 
    
                                                                                 Yours sincerely,
                                                                                                    Najaf-Ur- Rehman



















NAJAF-UR REHMAN
H no - 236 Street No- 4
Munga Nagar Karawal Nagar Road
Phone: 91- 99114-32524, 91- 87500-08786
Email: najaf10taqdeef@gmail.com


CAREER OBJECTIVE
To excel in the challenging, dynamic and exciting profession of Management as a thorough professional by implementing and upgrading my skills and knowledge base with leading corporate, committed and dedicated people, which will help me to realize my potential and explore myself fully with my ability.

EXPERIENCE

Edelweiss Tokio Life Insurance Co Ltd (November 2013 to Present)

Designation:- Operations Executive

● Primary underwriting at Branch level.
● Scrutiny of All channel Proposal form. (Agency, Broker channel, Housing, Banca,)
● Login of New business and Agency application form.
● Followup the Requirement of all Channels with sales team and client.
● Scanning of all types of New business forms, Policy Servicing requests.
● Coordinating with HO team and getting cases issued.
● Support Operational activity of the Branch.
● Handling Service requests & queries.
● Maintaining different trackers.
● Banking New Business & Renewal Premium collected via Cheque or Cash.
● Maintaining Branch database Business & Recruitment of Development Managers.
● Handling Admin & HR activities at the Branch Level.
● Handling petty cash on daily basis.
● Handling all processes/documentation related to the recruitment of Development Managers.
● Cash Mangement: Maintain all cash records i.e. Collection of premium(Receipting of new
    business Application, Receipting of lapse policy premium,Receipting of agency recruitment
    fee, Receipting of duplicate policy issuing charge.)
● Maintain all types of files which are important as an Audit purpose and future records.
● Claim processing on Branch level.
● Handling the telephonic or walk-in customer on high priority & solving their queries.
● Distribute the reward to Advisor and Development Manger.
● Strong knowledge about Cordys, PS tracker, Ingenium, Life connect.



Achievement’s

	•	Awarded by CEO  and RH for remaining top best BOE of Delhi NCR and 2th PAN India ranking for persistency in Rishton ka Renewal Contest during the month of JFM 2015.
	•	Certified ROM and RH for Achiever  BOE of Delhi NCR renewal collection during the month of JFM 2016



EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION                                                                                                                                                                                     
Specialization : Finance and Operations
Course
Institute/College/School
University/Board
Year of Passing
MBA (Finance & Operations)
  Amity University    (Distance Learning)
Amity University
2015
B.B.A
Bhagwati College of Management & Technology
     C.C S University
2013




KEY SKILLS

	•	Good Analytical skills.
	•	Good Communication Skills.
	•	Self motivated.
	•	Problem analysis and solving skills.
	•	Flexible to work in all conditions.


COMPUTER SKILLS  

	•	Platforms: Windows 98, 2000, Xp, Window-7
	•	Software / Applications:- Excel, Word, Powerpoint, Microsoft Outlook, Busy Software.






 PERSONAL VITAE
	•	Father’s Name- Mohd Aneesh-Ur- Rehman
	•	Date of Birth: February 14th , 1988
	•	Marital Status: Single
	•	Languages Known-English,Hindi,Urdu
	•	Personal Traits : - Focused, Enthusiastic, Committed Team player.
	•	Permanent Address- H.No- 236 Street No-4 Munga Nagar Karawal Nagar Delhi


ASSETS 

Good understanding of human behaviour, keen desire to achieve success, self discipline, optimistic attitude, good planning skills, spirit of team work and cooperation, adaptability and learning ability, believe only in results, regular and punctual.


DECLARATION


I hereby declare that all the facts given in this resume are correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.


Name:-Najaf-Ur-Rehman		                                           Place:-DELHI 
