Muzahid Husain Ansari 
B/01,Dhanlaxmi nagar,
90ft.Road,near navjeevan school,
Nallasopara(east) 401209
India, Maharashtra.
India Mobile no.    : +919975938290.

E mail : muzahidansari2@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE: 
To strive for a challenging job in progressive organization, where I can contribute
And build my professional career along with the growth of organization and to
Give the best of my Qualification and abilities.

EXPERIENCE:


07 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE SERVICE TECHNICIAN.

➢ TOYOTA  LAKOZY ,MUMBAI  INDIA.

(Exclusive Toyota  vehicles  Dealer in Mumbai, India Country).
Designation: Service Technician from 01st February 2018  to  Still Working.
Job Responsibilities:
Automotive Service Technician
1. Following standard procedures and accepted industry standards in repairing & maintaining vehicles.             
2. Maintained full automotive troubleshooting and testing.
3. Conversing with vehicle owners, preparing work orders, and conducting inspection.
4. Checking and changing fluids of engine, windshield washer fluid, power steering and transmission.
5. Preparing and maintaining daily log and records of service and repairs.
6. Fixed or put in new belts, hoses and steering system.
7. Diagnosis and Repair.

➢ MANNAI MOTORS, BAHRAIN.
(Exclusive Opel & Saab vehicles Dealer in Bahrain GCC Country).
Designation: Service Technician from 01st March 2016  to  30th November 2017.
Job Responsibilities:
Automotive Service Technician
1. Following standard procedures and accepted industry standards in repairing & maintaining vehicles.             
2. Maintained full automotive troubleshooting and testing.
3. Conversing with vehicle owners,preparing work orders, and conducting inspection.
4. Checking and changing fluids of engine, windshield washer fluid, power steering and transmission.
5. Preparing and maintaining daily log and records of service and repairs.
6. Keeping inventory of supplies and placing order for parts to run out -of-stock.

➢ ANGEL AUTO CHEVROLET, INDIA, MUMBAI CITY.
( Service Technician )
Designation: Senior Service Technician from 12th June 2013 to 31st January 2016.
Job Responsibilities:
1. Inspected, diagnosed, and fixed problems in vehicles.
2.Repaired all sorts off mechanical and electrical failures in vehicles. 
3.Evaluated braked systems and replaced brake pads as required.
4.Tested electrical circuits for proper functioning and changed parts if required.
5.Inspected vehicles and conducted overall evaluation of their condition.
6.Provided estimate on time and cost, including basic maintenance of vehicles to owners.
7.Assisted colleagues moving in and moving out vehicles from gate to the body shop.

➢ GIAN MOTORS CHEVROLET, INDIA, MUMBAI CITY.
(Service Technician)
Designation: Service Technician from 15th April 2012 to 13th May 2013.
Job Responsibilities:
1.Maintained repair and service records.
2.Kept abreast on manufacturer technical bulletins.
3.Tested vehicle both before and after repair.
4.Participated in manufacturer-sponsored training programs, school and events.

********** 
Personal Information

Date of Birth : 09th March 1991.
Marital Status : Unmarried
Linguistic Proficiency :  Hindi and English
Nationality : Indian.


EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: 

Course / Degree
Institute / Board
Year of Passing
Grade
Diploma in Automotive Engineering
Institute of Management Technical Studies
2011
A
H.S.C.
Maharashtra Board
2009
B
S.S.C.
Maharashtra Board
2006
B



Trainings Attended :
1.Completed Course on Automotive Basics From General Motor Training and Development, Pune, India.
2. Completed Course on Automotive Petrol Engine General Motor Training and Development, Pune, India.
2. Completed Course on Automotive Diesel Engine General Motor Training and Development, Pune, India.
3. Completed Course on Automatic Transmission  Overhaul, and  fault diagnosis General Motor  Training and Development, Pune,India.
4. Completed Course on Automotive Electric wiring fault diagnosis and vehicle programming General Motor Training and Development, Pune, India

Computer Knowledge :
1. Good working knowledge of Microsoft Office ( Word, Excel,Power Point, Internet) DOS and Windows 2000.

Extra Curriculum Activities : Playing Chess & Listening Music.
Notice period : 01 Month

