CURRICULUM VITAE


JITENDRA PRATAP SINGH
Cell: +91-8953037989, 9621862508, 
Jps175519@gmail.com 


Seeking assignment in the field of Security 

CAREER OBJECTIVE 
		By the virtue of extensive experience of navy in the field of Security, Administration, Deployment of manpower, Public Relation, Intelligence & Security of Men & Material I consider myself a potential candidate in the field of security, operation & administration in any afloat  as well ashore job.

	Apart from the mentioned experience of navy I have been working with “AMBREYRISK” as a Maritime Security Team leader since 20 Nov 12. 
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS
	•	Professional with 21 years of insightful & dedicated experience in Security, Operations, administration & Communication.
	•	Excellent Leadership, team building, interpersonal, communication, competitive and management skills.
	•	A proven strategist with expertise in leadership, managing entire operations ensuring optimal utilization of resources. Experience in handling operations entailing planning & resource deployment.
	•	Have 9 years enriched sea experience in navy of sailing in toughest sea conditions onboard different kinds of war ship.  
	•	Efficient Team Leader.  Have been trained, tested on performing as a Team Leader in most challenging & threat prevailing conditions in High Risk Area. Trained in handling & firing of small arms at Jaspal Rana Firing Range at Dehradun & Srilankan STF Firing Range at Colombo, Srilanka before being deployed as a Maritime Security Team Leader.
	•	Have in depth knowledge of piracy and Anti piracy SOPs.  Have undergone extensive training related to international maritime & security regulation, human right affairs and small arms weapon training.    
	•	Competent in handling of small arms. Gained more efficiency & skill during tasks.
EMPLOYMENT DETAILS
	•	An ex Navy, got enrolled in the Indian Navy on 03 Jan 1991. Have been at sea for almost 09 years and sailed to all major and almost all minor ports on the Indian Coast as well as have an experience of sailing in international waters.
	•	Served on board Indian Naval Ships Charag (Missile Boat) INS Agray (Anti Submarine Warfare Ship), INS Amba (Submarine’s mother ship), INS Viraat (the only aircraft carrier in Indian Navy) & INS Ghorpad (Landing Ship Tank).
	•	Served as training staff for three years at premier naval training base Chilka which trains almost 5,000/- recruits each year.
	•	Served on board INS Viraat for two years, the only Aircraft carrier of the Indian Navy which has strength of approx 1250 personnel and was particularly entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining upper deck security by armed guards as well as maintaining discipline and Law & Order amongst the service personnel on board.
	•	Served as senior security staff at Ship Building Centre, Visakhapatnam for two years, where project of nation’s most prestigious Advance Vessel (Nuclear Submarine) is underway.  Was a key & senior member of the team of security dept. & was responsible to maintain a high level & fool proof security in & around the project area.  
	•	Served on board ship Ghorpad for one year, a landing craft of the Navy which carries troops & tanks.  Sailed to Srilanka & made several voyage in order to deliver relief during Tsunami.  Awarded proficiency certificate by the Commanding Officer of the ship for performance of the duties on board.
	•	Served at Naval Special Warfare Tactical cum Training Centre, Mumbai for three years which imparts special combat training to naval personnel as well as provide basic training of special force i.e Marine Commandos (MARCOS) of the Navy. Attended regular firing practices at firing range of small arms and had a lot of firing practice. Got optimum accuracy in small arm firing. 
	•	Served as Field Security Staff as well as Vigilance Section In-Charge of the Security Department at Naval Dockyard, Mumbai for three years, the largest defense industrial establishment at, Mumbai. Was In-charge for kitting up & training of armed sentries placed in & around the yard.




	•	Due to the work experiences of Indian Navy for last 21 years (1991 to Jan 2012) and my ongoing experience in Anti piracy deployments I have been able to develop professional acumen in the various field of security.  During my ongoing job as a Maritime Security Team Leader I have escorted more than 50 ships of different flag state in entire high risk region. Carried out Ship Security Assessment, setting up of citadels and imparting training/instructions to crew of the ships and advising Captain on various security aspect whilst transiting in High Risk Area.  As a team leader I have led my teams in best possible way and got best feedback by masters.  
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS
Investigation of Economic Offences from CDTS, Kolkata.  
Diploma in BPO Management & Communication Skills from Mark Communication Lucknow 
Basic Course in MS Office from RamInfo, Visakhapatnam
B.Ed from Chhatrapati Shahu ji Mahraj University Kanpur
Graduation from Andhra University
10+2 in PCM from UP Board
SKILL CREDENTIALS
Causality Course, Condensed Course, Elementary Fire Fighting Course for Industries from Civil Defense Staff   College, Mumbai
PST, PSSR, EFA & FPFF (STCW courses) from Naval Maritime Academy, Mumbai.
Certificate of proficiency in Security Training for Seafarers with Designated Security Duties from Naval Maritime Academy, Mumbai.
Passenger Ship Familiarisation from Naval Maritime Academy, Mumbai.  
ISF Marlins English Language Test for Seafarers - 88% marks
Personality Development & customer service skills 
SERVICE CREDENTIALS
Master At-Arms “Q” Course at INS Kunjali		              		
Regulating Petty Officer Course at INS Kunjali           
Leadership Course at INS Agrani, Coimbtore
Basic Fire Fighting Courses 
Basic Course at Naval Police & Regulating Scholl 
Basic Radio Operator Course at Signal School, Kochi 
ACHIVEMENTS

►Proficiency award by the Commanding Officer INS Ghorpad & numerous cash & on spot awards by various Commanding Officers
►Was key member of the team which was tasked to set up a relief camp at Trinkomali, Srilanka completely ruined during Tsunami. Saved & rehabilitated many families, school, colleges & other institutions.  
►Naval Dockyard, Mumbai located in the area of the South Mumbai had several terrorist attacks in its close proximity being in the hit list of the terrorists.  Was tasked to augment & maintain the security of yard to the required level & was In-Charge of the team extensively involved in augmentation & modernisation of security set up of yard.  
►Single handedly managed security & fire arrangements during recent visit of Her Excellency President of India Smt Pratibha Patil to Naval Dockyard, Mumbai in Jan 2012 in order to review the Indian Fleet. 
► As a Team Leader got excellent feedback in all post tasks assessments from masters.

PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth				:	20 Dec 1972
Marital Status				:	Married
Languages Known				:	Hindi, English
Hobbies/Interest/games			:	Shooting/Swimming/Reading/Hocky
Date of Retirement				:	31 Jan 2012
Address				:	8-C/124, Sector-8, Vrindavan, Lucknow (UP)
Passport				:	Z3137664 (Valid till 23 Feb 2025)
CDC					:	MUM 204740 (Valid till 20 Aug 2022)
PHYSICAL DETAILS
Height				:	172 Cms
Medical Fitness				:	Category-“A”
Date of last medical test (DG Shipping Approved) :	Jul 2014

	I hereby assure you if given an opportunity, by the virtue of my experiences & skills of the Navy and Maritime Team Leadership job I will definitely prove my candidature worthwhile to your expectations.




Place : Lucknow					(Jitendra Pratap Singh)
Date : 14 Jun 2016	



