IBRAHIM MALLIK MOHAMMED
Kauther Gas, Muscat, Oman
E-mail ID:- ibrahimmallik86@yahoo.com            
 : (Oman) :- +968 94150153
 : (India)      + 919668585201 
                          
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Post Applied for	:    Electrical Technician.

Objective: -

 To achieve challenging position in Electrical Field in your organization with a distinct job in an environment, which promotes growth and future prospects.

Education: -   

S S C completed from Government Board of Bihar in 2000.

ITI Completed in Electrical Engineering (2000-2002).


Professional Experiences: -  

Having more than 13 years’ experiences in Electrical Field with special emphasis maintenance, commissioning and shutdown activities in Oil & Gas, Refinery.


Industrial Safety Training:-

H2S Awareness and Escape hood Oman.
Initial Fire Response (IFR).
Authorized Gas Tester.
HSE Safety Induction.


Work Experience: -

1. Project		: Petroleum Development Oman.
Position held		: Electrical Technician.
Organization		: Carillion Alawi FM Department.
Duration		: Since July 2013.

Responsibilities: -
                                    Prepare weekly plan, arrange Spare parts for that job’s & Prepare Permit’s.

                              Responsible for maintaining and troubleshooting electrical system, Responsible for diagnosing and repairing transformers and other system, Installing and servicing of circuits and equipment’s, Responsible for maintenance of generators, electrical motors and transformers
Installing of poly phase circuits and responsible for wiring.

                             
	
2. Project                    : Petroleum Development Oman.
Position held		: Electrical Technician.
Organization		: Sodexo Socat.
Duration		: March 2011 to July 2013.

Responsibilities: -
                            Assigned to work in Maintenance Electrical Technician job and responsible for Corrective maintenance including Trouble shooting of various Electrical equipment.
 Daily attend meeting job status update Electrical Supervisor and discuses about HSE.

3. Project                    : PS 111 LNG Project Qatar.
Position held		: Electrical Technician.
Organization               : Dopet Const. Co. LTD.
Duration		: Jan 2010 to Feb 2011.

Responsibilities: -

		       Responsible for making wiring layout under the supervision of senior technician
Maintaining records and responsible for informing technical requirements
Ensuring safety measures in the testing laboratory
Responsible for diagnosing electric systems and made rectifications

•	Coordinate with outside vendors for large installs and complex repairs.
•	Overhaul and repair existing equipment where possible.
•	Document repair actions and turn logs into management on a daily basis.
•	Maintain supplies to affect common repairs and order new stock as needed.

4. Project                    : AWL Refinery Ghandhidham Gujrat (India)
Position held		: Electrical Technician.
Organization		: Trishul Electric work.
Duration		: July 2002 to July 2004.

5. Project                    : H.P.C.L Mahul Gaw Chembur Mumbai (India)
Position held		: Electrical Technician.
Organization		: PCT (1) PVT LTD.
Duration		: Sep 2004 to Aug 2006.

6. Project                    : AWL Refinery Ghandhidham Gujrat (India)
Position held		: Electrical Technician.
Organization		: Rohini indust. ELE. PVT. LTD
Duration		: Dec 2006 to Aug 2008.


Responsibilities: -

                            Installing, maintaining and testing electrical systems and equipment including wires, generators and electrical gadgets. Isolate and repair electrical malfunctions in system wiring, sub-assemblies and other components using technical manuals, wiring schematics and drawings. Monitor motor control center wiring and instrument and control cabinet wiring ensured equipment and installations met code. Inspect electrical systems, equipment and components to identify hazards, defect and the need for adjustment or repair. Coordinate and implement technical training, supervise and train apprentices on electrical maintenance procedures.
•Created work lists, scheduled and performed electrical predictive and preventive maintenance.
•Installed necessary components to existing machinery for better performance.



Personal Profile:-


Father’s Name		:	Md Jahangir Mallik

Gender			:	Male

Date of Birth		:	18th June 1985

Nationality		:	Indian

Languages known	: 	 English, Hindi.

Passport		:	.G 9801800 valid up to 6.10.2018

Permanent Address: L 1463 Phase 11, Dumduma, HB Colony, Bhubaneswar, Khurda, Orissa-     7510191.

	 			
Declaration: -


I hereby declared that the above-mentioned particulars furnished by me are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.
								
Yours truly

					 (IBRAHIM MALLIK MOHAMMED)
