CURRICULUM VITAE

BALAJI .S
E-Mail: sbalaji530@gmail.com
Mobile: +91-9551990086

  OBJECTIVE 	

A highly talented, professional and dedicated Civil Engineer To Achieve high career growth through continuous process of learning for achieving goal & keeping myself dynamic in the changing scenario to become a successful professional and leading to best opportunity.

     PROFENTIONAL EXPERIENCE 	


Company		:   VR MODERN PROMOTERS, Chennai.

Period		:   JUNE-2012 to Present

Designation	:  QA/QC Engineer.


Job Description:-

	•	Site inspection for civil construction work and ensure that the work is as per the project specification and issued for construction drawings/final approved drawing for authorities.
	•	Ensure that all the works meets the stipulated quality standards.
	•	Approval of source of basic construction materials.
	•	Day to Day correction to the Concrete Mix design based on Material grading, Moisture content & Environment.
	•	Monitoring daily progress of site.
	•	Preparing weekly and monthly progress report to be submitted to the Project director.
	•	Maintaining the record for the concrete pour on site as daily basis.
	•	Periodic checking in various concrete pours in site, solving the problems as per site conditions and maintaining the accuracy of work.
	•	Familiar with ERP working atmosphere such as updating daily progress reports, updating certified client bill, updating monthly work plan.
	•	Reconciliation of materials and quantities, preparation of strip charts and hold Quantities.
	•	Identification of the Training Needs at the site depending upon the ongoing site activities & observed defects / NCR.
	•	Review if construction Methodology prepared by Planning / Execution department.
	•	Organizing Trainings at site to the supervisory staff for any new activities.
	•	Suggesting alternative materials for cost effectiveness.
	•	Well versed in cash flow of construction activity and also defining excess or saving for each activity of the project against planned budget this would be helpful for future budgeting purpose for upcoming future project.
	•	Coordinating for IMS Audit of the project & Documentation of the IMS records / NCR / Closure reports.
	•	Assist in getting Customer Feedback, analyze and inform site to take actions for improvement.

   SOFTWARE SKILLS WITH GOOD EXPERIANCE:

	•	AUTO CAD,
2)  DIGITAL VISUAL PROGRAMMING (DVP)
3)  REVIT ARCHITECTURE,
4)  MS-EXCEL (Macro),
5)  MS-WORD,
6)  MS-POWER POINT.


     STRENGTHS 	

   Excellent Leadership and Entrepreneurial Skills.
   Ability to work hard and handle crisis situation & face challenges.
   Capable of working independently and in a team.
   Self– motivated.
   Ability to relate with people through effective communication skills.

Educational Qualification:


 ACADEMIC 	


Course



School/College


Specialization


Year of Passing

Percentage of Marks obtained


SSLC
Bosco Academy Matriculation Higher secondary School
Chennai -600060


GENERAL


2009




62.6
(First Class)

DIPLOMA

Sri Nallalaghu Polytechnic College
Chennai – 600066

CIVIL ENGINEER


2012


81.58
(First Class with Distinction)





             PERSONAL PROFILE 	

Full Name                               :   Balaji
Date of Birth                          :   6th March, 1994
Father Name                           :   Shanmugam
Marital Status                         :   Single
Gender                                    :   Male
Nationality                             :   Indian 
Religion                                  :   Hindu
Languages known                  :   English, Tamil.
Hobbies                                  :   Driving, Playing Chess & swimming.
Permanent Address                :   No: 1/1, Teachers colony 4thCross Street, Kodungaiyur,                   Chennai-600118

  
           PASSPORT DETAILS	

	Passport No			:	P0008224
Place of issue			:	Chennai
Date of issue    		:	04/05/2016
Date of expiry  		:	03/05/2026

    DECLARATION 	

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief.





Place: Chennai							(BALAJI S)

