  srinivas.263@gmail.com	  +91 9550777358/ +249 964763650

Padarti Sireesha Aditya
ELECTRICAL OPERATIONS & MAINTENANCE
Expertise in Planning, Execution, Testing-Commissioning and Operation-Maintenance of Electrical Systems in Power industry.



 Career Timeline

2009 to 2011	2013 to 2015
Vasavi Power	Jayashree
Services Pvt. Ltd. as	Electromech Pvt.
Trainee Engineer	Ltd. as Testing &
Commissioning Engineer

2011 to 2013	2015 till date
Vasavi Power	Sudanese Thermal
Services Pvt. Ltd. as	Power Generating
Testing Engineer	Company as Sr.
Engineer Electrical

Key Impact Areas

Operations & Maintenance Execution & Commissioning Client Relationship Management

Testing Management Planning
Key Skills


Innovator
Communicator

Liaison & Coordination




Documentation	Project Execution



Collaborator
Relay Testing	People Management
Intuitive






Executive Profile	Education & Credentials
Electrical Commissioning & Maintenance specialist with 4.0
years of experience. Skilled at Testing &  Commissioning of	B.Tech. (Electrical & Electronics Power   Transformers,   HT/LT   Switchgear and  Switchyard	Engineering) from Jawaharlal Nehru
equipment’s    and    Numerical    Relay  testing.   Hands-on	Technological University, Hyderabad in experience   in    Maintenance   activities    of  all   Electrical		2009
Equipment’s in Thermal Power plants & Switchyards.
Monitored  project   activities   &   coordinating with  various	Technical Skills
agencies    to    maintain   targeted   schedules.	Prepared 
schedules for preventive maintenance, checklists for daily,
weekly    or   monthly   checks	for   equipment	as	per	IEC and IEEE standards
requirement.  Fore  fronted   performance  bottlenecks  and	Circuit Breaker Analyzer- Scope Make, CT Analyzer- took   corrective   measures   to   avoid   the same;  ensured	Megger make
effective  site  management  and  discipline  to ensure safe	Transformer Testing Kits-TTR, DC winding Resistance,
execution of the projects. Administered erection, testing and	SFRA, Vector Group of Megger & Scope Make commissioning of equipment  and providing  utility services	Omicron-Test universe CMC256, CMC156,  Ponova-  to  equipment.  Analyzed  maintenance  issues &  providing	Power Test Software, Freja 300, Sverker 760 and technical  support  ensuring  performance. Exposure in field	Sverker 900
instruments	like	RTD,	thermocouples,	transmitters/	S1 Agile/ Studio-Micom, Digsi-Siemens, PCM-ABB,
pressure/ temp gauges/switches.	Enervista- GE and Sepam- Schneider
MS-Office, MS Power Project & Windows


Selected Highlights & Contributions


Achieved maintenance cost reduction through counter-driven maintenance such as Vibration Analysis, Infrared Cameras to detect high temperature, Acoustic-to detect leaks, Oil Analysis- PPM to determine asset wear, Current and voltage readings of motors, and so on
Implemented predictive maintenance for Transformers, HT/LT panels, Motors and all Electrical Equipment
Managed the predictive & preventative maintenance program and drove continuous line improvement by taking data collection from various equipment
Conducted Preventive, Predictive, Corrective, Breakdown and Shutdown Maintenance at 2*250MW Port Sudan power station- Sponge coke fired, 4* 125MW Kosti Thermal power station- oil fired
Executed various planned maintenance activities such as Relays testing at sites based on fired hours


Professional Experience

May’15 till date
Sudanese Thermal Power Generating Company, Sudan as Sr. Engineer Electrical

Role:
Managing Operations & Maintenance and troubleshooting of Generators, Transformers, HT/LT panels, Switchgear, Circuit Breakers, D.G sets, EOT crane, and so on
Planning preventive and breakdown maintenance of electrical equipment
Performing annual protective maintenance and overhauling activities in Power plants associated with STPG Generating daily and monthly reports
Administering numerical Relays Testing of Generator, Motor, Transformer Protection Relay, Differential Relay, REF Relays make ALSTOM, ABB and GE Relays
Steering efforts in:
	•	Analyzing and troubleshooting of faults and Protection performance
	•	Preparation of testing & commissioning protocols and ensuring of proper quality standards and safety rules Collaborating with the client, consultant, engineering and procurement department regarding the interfacing of construction activities and material & equipment availability
Supervising and motivating a team of technicians and operators to achieve the excellence

May’13 – April’15
Jayashree Electromech Pvt. Ltd., Pune, India as Testing & Commissioning Engineer

Role:
Spearheaded the following activities such as RELAYS – O/C Relay, E/F Relay, Motor Protection Relay, Transformer Protection Relay, Differential Relay, REF Relay , and all types of Numerical relays like ABB,ALSTOM and L& T Relays Performed testing & commissioning of 765/400/220KV Substation Equipment’s, Power Transformers, Busduct, and HT/LT Panels, HT/LT cables
Formulated cable schedule and termination schedules
Tested and commissioned power transformers up to 315 MVA
Executed maintenance activities in Switchyard, HT-LT Panels & Transformers, Bus Ducts and all Auxiliaries in Power plant Installed & commissioned UPS, Battery Charger and Battery system
Managed PANELS –scheme checking and commissioning of HT Panels, LT Panels, Synchronizing Panels, Control & Relay Panels, MCC Panels, PCC Panels, DG panels and Emergency Panels with all equipment

Projects Handled:
765/400/220KV PGCIL, Sub-station, Aurangabad, Maharashtra 765/400 PGCIL, Sub-station, Raichur, Karnataka
132/33KV Sub-station, Khombalne Wind Power, Nashik, Maharashtra 400KV Switchyard, YTPS, Karnataka
132KV Switchyard, NTPC-SSTPS, Singrauli, MP

June’09-May’13
Vasavi Power Services Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad
Joined as Trainee Engineer and rose to the post of Testing Engineer

Projects Handled:

Title:
Client: Customer: Period:
Role:
Key Result Areas:
 4 X125 MW Kosti Thermal Power Station, Sudan Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited
Sudanese Thermal Power Generation Co. 2011 - 2013
Testing Engineer
Administered the following activities:
o	Testing & commissioning of 220KV Switchyard Equipment’s, Power Transformers,









Title:
Client: Customer: Period:
Role:
Key Result Areas:
 Busduct, and HT/LT Panels
	•	Testing & commissioning of 150MW Alternator and their Auxiliaries
	•	Installation & commissioning of 110V and 220V DC system like, UPS, Battery Charger and Battery system
	•	Scheduling of resources, manpower, preparing detailed weekly, monthly plans in MS project and monitoring & reporting progress of daily activities as well as creating running account bills

2x 125 MW SLPP, Surat, Gujarat
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited
Gujarat Industrial Power Company Limited 2009 - 2011
Trainee Engineer/ Engineer-Electrical Led the following activities:
	•	Erection of all electrical equipment like HT & LT Switchboard Generator Transformer,
Station Transformer and Busduct
	•	Preparation of cabling interconnection as per field requirement
	•	Testing of HT/LT Switchboard and Busduct




Personal Details
Date of Birth: 3rd July 1986
Languages Known: Telugu, English, Hindi, Arabic (only Speak)
Address: 12/344, Kamsali street, Santhapet, Nellore, AndhraPradesh, India.
Nationality: Indian
Passport Details: H0551138 (Dt. of expiry 2018)
