
Name                             :          IRFAN ANWAR                                                         
Contact No.		:         +971- 56 7965004                                                               
E-mail			:         ramz.irfanrmz@gmail.com

OBJECTIVE: To gain a dynamic and challenging role in the area of mechanical and automobile engineering sector that will offer me the best opportunity for further development of my abilities, skills and knowledge in an established firm with long term career growth possibilities.

Educational qualification:


Degree:
College:

University:
Major:
Division:
Year of passing:
Bachelor of Technology.
Eastern Academy of Science and Technology, Bhubaneswar,        
Odisha, India.
Biju Patnaik University of Technology, Rourkela, India.
Mechanical Engineering
First
2015

PROFICIENCY:

Catia, Auto Cad, Data Structure, Programming in C, C++,
Office suite: MS-office

Area Of interest:
Manufacturing Technology.
Automobile Engineering.
Sales and Services


PROJECT UNDERTAKEN:


POWER GENERATION THROUGH EXHAUST FAN


AIM- To generate power with the help of exhaust fan
Team size- 3
OBJECTIVE- To develop a small scale wind power
generation system via exhaust fan. The generated power can then be used to charge batteries and which can later be used for any electronic devices based on the power of the battery being charged by the system.
Role played- The whole concept of this project came into my mind when I was just visualizing an exhaust fan at the canteen. I thought that these exhaust fans run continuously in large industries across the world. And we can utilize its rotation motion to get something useful.
I was actively involved and leaded our team in conceptualizing how to work flow would be. And developed the circuit designs for the same and also did the actual implementation.
Also It was my idea to limit the team size to three only, so that it would help me to work in future with small team size also, which can help the company to reduce the labor cost at their end.






training UNDERTAKEN:

AIM – To recognize the parts and accessories for motor vehicles at at Mithila Motors Limited and to know there usage.
DURATION- 6th April – 5th July’15.
OBJECTIVE- MML is a well known automobile trader and dealer of TATA Motors and having their own service center.  The objective of this training was to know the different types of parts and accessories used in automobile industry.
Work EXPERIENCE:
COMPANY:

JOB ROLE:
DURATION:

RESPONSIBILITIES:

Mithila Motors Ltd. Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, India
Automobile Engineer
Aug 2015 - till Present.
	•	Inspecting and even test driving vehicles and checking for faults.
	•	sourcing vehicle components and selecting the best materials to use
	•	providing technical advice and answering queries from clients
	•	investigating and solving problems, eg mechanical failures
	•	interpreting and analysing results and data

Personality Traits:


Confident, Dependable, Problem solver, Co-operative and keen observer and Leadership quality
Personal Details:
Father’s Name      :
Date of Birth          :
Marital Status        :

Religion                 :
Nationality             :
Languages known :
Hobbies	        :

Passport number  :
Date of Expiry       :
Visa Status            :
Prof. Anwar Alam
12-02-1992
Unmarried
Islam
Indian
English, Hindi, Urdu
Traveling & Sports
N6591488
04/05/2026
Visit Visa


DECLARATION:
 I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
