
CURRICULUM VITAE
                                                         C
V.Venkata Kishore
                                                                                          Email:  kishoreskyouts@gmail.com
S/o V.Venkata Subbarayudu,                                            Mobile: +918919460855.
Door no : 7/3,            
Buggaleti Pallli(V),
Chinthakomma dinne(M),
Kadapa(D),
Pin-516003.

   Career Objective
Flexible and hardworking solar energy installer is available to work long shifts and weekends.Has board experience in installations of solar panels solar roofing tiles and solar modules.possesses an associate’s degree in solar energy technology and is truly dedicated to solar  energy as an alternative energy source.
   Core  Qualification

	•	Experienced with solar panel installations.
	•	Understand building codes and complete installations in conformity with them.
	•	Excellent customer service skills.
	•	Have ability to use heavy machinery.
	•	Extensive knowledge on proper mount installation.
	•	Fully idea about solar panels.


Experience
           Rayalasema Thermal Power 
			5/02/2015-6/01/2016
	•	Only take readings for Generator and turbine.
	•	And maintenance the plant
Solar Energy installer 
		3/02/2016-4/04/2017
	•	Installed mounting brackets for solar panel installations on rooftops and other locations.
	•	Installed panels solar shingles and solar modules.
	•	Communicated with clients during installation process to facilitate installation completion.
            Now working on digi wave technologies. 

Project

Title             : Transformerless inverter with virtual dc bus concept for cost-effective 
                       grid-connected  PV power system
Duration     : six months
Role              : 2
Team Size    :  Four
Description  :This project deals with to eliminate the common mode leakage current       
                       In the Transformerless PV systems, by using virtual dc bus concept.

Declaration

  I hereby declare that the above information is correct and complete to the best of my knowledge.

				
Place: 					                      		Yours Sincerely,	
  Date:  				 				V.VENKATA KISHORE
