
SHINAJ K M
MECHANICAL ENGINEER (M.Tech)
Ph: +91-9847362053 (Mobile)
E-mail: shinajkm786@gmail.com Skype ID: shinajkmuhammed


Career objectives& professional interests:

A challenging position in a dynamic organization with potential for career advancement where I could utilize my experience, skills, Technical knowledge and thus contributing to the growth of the organization. To work in an organization where, I can fulfill my dream, to give my best in my professional pursuit, where my knowledge and experience can be shared and enriched to become a successful mechanical engineer. Following are some of my professional areas of interest;
	•	Research in Thermal science
	•	Heat and Mass transfer, Thermodynamics, Energy Systems
	•	Refrigeration and Air- Conditioning systems – HVAC, multi component refrigeration systems
	•	Design of Heat exchanger equipments by LMTD or NTU method.
	•	Operation and maintenance of Boilers, Heat exchangers, HVAC units and other thermal equipments.
Professional Experience:

	•	Designation	: Mechanical Engineer
Company Name : AAROODA (P) Ltd
Period	: 06-Aug-2012 to 23-Jan-2015
Responsibilities and Duties;
	•	Boiler Erection Project at Kochi Refinery, Ambalamugal.
	•	Breakdown & Preventive Maintenance of static Equipments like heat exchangers, Vessels and Rotary Equipments like Pumps, Compressors and Evaporators.
	•	Operation and maintenance of Boilers, Compressors and Cooling Towers.
	•	Fabrication Works, Welding, Cutting and Machining Jobs and vehicle/maintenance Diesel Engine.
	•	Planning of works and materials, Scheduling of works.

	•	Designation	: Assistant Professor in Mechanical Engineering
Company Name : Ilahia School of Science and Technology under Mahatma Gandhi University
Period	: 29-Jan-2015 to 30-Jun-2017
Subjects Teached;
	•	Heat and Mass Transfer
	•	Refrigeration and Air conditioning systems
	•	Thermodynamics
	•	Design of Heat transfer equipments.

Academic Qualifications:

University	:-  University of Calicut, Kerala, India College/Institution :- MES College of Engineering, Kuttippuram, Kerala, India Course	:- M.Tech (Thermal Systems)



University	:- Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam, Kerala, India College/Institution :-Ilahia College of Engg. And Technology, Muvattupuzha, Kerala, India Course	:- B.Tech (Mechanical Engineering)
Industrial Training Experience:
Organization
Duration
Designation/Remarks

From
To

Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited, Tiruchirapalli (M.TechProject).

Mar-13

Aug-13
Study and analysis of thermal behavior of welding quality under different shielding gases. (Under the guidance of Dr.KDevakumaran, SDE, WRI, BHELTrichy).
National Thermal Power Corporation Ltd. (NTPC).
(Industrial Training)

Jan-13

Mar-13
Rajiv Gandhi Combined Cycle Power Project, NTPC Ltd., Kayamkulam.
The Kerala Minerals and Metals Ltd.
(Industrial Training)

Dec-12

Jan-13
Titanium Dioxide Pigment Unit of the company at chavara, Kollam, Kerala.
Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited, Tiruchirapalli.
(B.TechProject).

Jan-11

Feb-11
Modernization of Load Tube in Load Hangers. (Under the guidance of Kutuva S. Janardhanan, Dy.
Manager, M&S/HRDC W.Shop, BHEL, Trichy-14.
The Fertilisers And Chemicals Travancore Ltd. (FACT)
(Inplant Training)


Dec-09


Jan-10


Inplant Training at Cochin Division FACT. Ltd.
Technical Key Skills:
	•	Committed to determining the optimal sequence of operations at the work site while implementing efficient construction methods.
	•	Specialize in meeting deadlines and ensuring compliance with safety standards.
	•	Well experienced in Computer Operations in English, Typing of Texts, Tables and hand written documents on a computerized Database / Spreadsheet.
Qualification
Year of Passing
Progressive Performance Index (CGPA)
Result
M.Tech (Thermal Systems)
September-2013
7.44/10
1st Class

Qualification
Year ofPassing
Percentage
Result
B.Tech (Mechanical Engineering)
July-2011
74.61%
1st Class


Software’s familiar with:

	•	MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Internet Explorer, Google Chrome
Awards and Achievements:

	•	Ranked in the top 5 (Third Rank), M.Tech Thermal Systems, Calicut University, 2013
	•	Best ENCON Club coordinator award 2016 - BPCL KOCHI REFINERY ENERGY CONSERVATION CLUB –(In the professional college’s category, Ilahia School of Science & Technology, Muvattupuzha, bagged the Best Encon Club award 2016)
	•	Member and coordinator of ISHRAE students chapter, South region, INDIA
	•	Chairman of Entrepreneurship Development Club under Ilahia School of Science and Technology
	•	Faculty coordinator of Professional Engineering College Boot camp under Kerala Start up Mission
Subjects Taught:

	•	Advanced Heat and Mass Transfer
	•	Thermodynamics and combustion
	•	Refrigeration and Air- Conditioning
	•	Fluid Mechanics, Hydraulic Machineries
	•	Design of Heat Transfer Equipments
	•	Experienced in determination of force on objects in internal and external flow; Heat transfer by conduction; Heat transfer by convection; Heat transfer by radiation; Energy balances for a control
volume; and Analysis of a simple thermodynamic cycle.
Personal Details:
	•	Date of Birth
:
19th January 1990
	•	Father’s Name
:
MAMMU K P
	•	Permanent Address
:
Kotteparambil House, Thrikkalathoor P.O,


Muvattupuzha, ErnakulamDist, Kerala – 683541.
	•	Sex & Marital Status
:
Male & Single.
	•	Nationality
:
Indian.
	•	Languages Known
:
English, Hindi, Malayalam and Tamil.
	•	Passport no & Expiry date
:
J5252958, 12/06/2021.

Declaration:


I hereby declare that the information and facts stated herein above are true, correct and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief.
Shinaj K M


References:
	•	Er. Najeeb Ebrahim
Environment Engineer, GASCO, Abudhabi Email: nmundethebrahim@gasco.ae
Tel: +971 503169826 (Mob)


	•	Er. Asharaf Mohammed
Kuwait Oil Company (KOC)
|Engineer Materials | Production Operations Group (WK) |
|Email: nashraf@kockw.com | Web: www.kockw.com | Tel: +965 238 20081(Mob)

	•	Dr. Haseena H.
Principal
Ilahia School of Science And Technology (ISSAT) Pezhakkappilly (PO, Muvattupuzha
Kerala, India-686 674,
Email: haseenahamsa@gmail.com Mob.+91 9495323762

	•	Er. Midhun Mohan
Managing Director
AAROODA (P) Ltd., Valapattil, Nedumbassery P.O Ernakulam-Dist, Kerala, India- 683585
Email: midhungirijamohan@gmail.com , midhunmohanmupzha@gmail.com Mob: +91 9400648152, +91 9895653990
