KANDASAMY MCURRICULUM VITAE
CURRICULUM VITAE
	•	Email:
mkandasamy.mdu@gmail.com



Permanent Address:
5/366 kanagavel nagar
3rd street,athikulam
madurai
PIN - 625007
Tamil Nadu.
INDIA.
Mobile : +91-9941348021

	•	Personal Data:
Date of birth     : 02.08.1983
Sex                     : Male
Father’s Name : K.Muthusamy
Marital Status  : Married
Nationality        : Indian
Languages proficiency : English, Tamil, Hindi

Passport Details:
 Passport No.     : J 5662003
D.O.I                 : 23/02/2011
Valid Up to       : 22/02/2021
 
Visa Status:

Open

  Total Experience:

SG  Electricals Chennai -
       2 Years & 4 Month
SM Engineers & Consultants Chennai
         6 years 3 Months
National Contracting Company UAE –
       3 Years



Objective 
	Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated People, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential, willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment.
	•	I hope to achieve this by working hard and contributing to the growth of the company. 

Total Experience Details:
National Contracting Company. Dubai UAE – 3 years
SM Engineers & Consultants. Chennai – 6 year 3 Months
SG  Electricals Chennai.– 2 Year & 4 Months

Job Profile (Company I):

        Name of the Firm      : National Contracting Company (NCC). Dubai UAE
        Years of Experience  : 3 Years
        Period                       :  Jun 2013 to Jun 2016
        Designation               : CAD Designer

Job Profile (Company II):

        Name of the Firm      : SM Engineers & Consultants. Chennai
        Years of Experience  : 6 year 3 Months
        Period                        : March2007 to Jun2013
        Designation               : CAD Draftsman -Lead

Job Profile (Company III):

        Name of the Firm      : SG Electricals Chennai                                    
        Years of Experience  : 2 Year 4 Months
        Period                        : Sep 2004 to Jan2007
        Designation               : Site Engineer


Organization Profile (Company I)             
        National Contracting Company Limited (NCC)  is an established Saudi Arabian company in the Electrical and Mechanical works in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, the middle east and Africa. NCC is classified as a Grade-1 contracting company by the Ministry of Public Works and Housing in Saudi Arabia.
       Capability & experience NCC undertakes lump sum turnkey projects in the Power Sector including Engineering Procurement and Construction of power generation plants upto 960 MW, High voltage Electrical Substation upto 400 kV, Power Transmission lines upto 500 kV,  NCC Oil & Gas Client  Bechtel, Gasco, Technip, Qatar Petroleum, Hyundai Heavy Industrial & Etc.,
	•	Power Projects Division (PPD)
	•	Petrochemical Projects
	•	Oil & Gas Plants
	•	Transmission & Distribution (T&D)
	•	Construction Division (CD)
	•	Water and Wastewater Division (WWD)

















Roles & Responsibilities:         
	•	Preparation of Main single line diagram
	•	Preparation of Earthing, Cable tray/trench & Sections layouts
	•	Preparation of Equipment layouts
	•	Preparation of Switch yard layout
	•	Preparation of  Lighting/Power layout for substation
	•	Regular Site Visit for General arrangement
	•	Co-ordinate and Support with Site Engineers for Site Activities.

Organization Profile (Company II)
             SM Engineers & Consultants is a leading Electrical Engineering Consulting firm. We are providing Engineering Solutions Designing of EHV, HV and MV Installation Lighting Installation, Captive Power Plant, Standby diesel Gen sets.
    The experience gained in designing & detailing of Switchgear Panels over the years, the company has executed many projects with different bus configuration. We have Design for Preparation of Basic Engineering, Detailing Engineering, Site Evaluation, Preparation of Tender Documents, Techno - commercial Evaluation of the Bids

Roles & Responsibilities:        
	•	Preparation of Main single line diagram
	•	Preparation of Earthing, Equipment, Lighting, Cable tray/trench, Lightning Protection & Sections layouts
	•	Preparation of Substation layout as per rules & regulation
	•	Preparation of Cable schedule & BOM
	•	Preparation of Particular Requirement
	•	Preparation of Switch yard layout
	•	Preparation of Conduit & Wiring Layouts
	•	Preparation of Foundation Layouts
	•	Drafting & Detailing of CEIG & As built Drawings
Organization Profile (Company III)
	SG Electrical is doing Electrical Installation, Erection & Commissioning of Power & Control Panels, Motor, Generator for Hospitals, Apartments, IT Building & Residential etc.

Roles & Responsibilities:        
	•	Installation, Testing, Commissioning of LT Switch gears & Panels.
	•	Supervising the workers at the Site. 
	•	Attending Meeting with the consultants & clients.
	•	Procurement of Material & Manpower as per requirement
	•	Planning and implementation of project works
	•	Maintenance of completed project
	•	Preparation As built Drawing for Executed projects
	•	Chats updating & Documentation of Site files






List of Projects Company I
     Client		: Federal Electricity & Water Authority (FEWA) UAE
     Consultant     	: Energo Consult L.L.C,  DUBAI, UAE.
     Project                      : E18/2012(1) 33/11kV Substation Work in Central & Western Areas of
                                     Northern   Emirates
     Role			: Design Drafting & Detailing of Substation Equipment/Sections layout
				  Power Distribution SLD, Cable Routing Section & Earthing
List of Projects Company II
    Client		:   Supreme Fuels Afghanistan	
     Role			:   Designer/Detailing
     Description		:   Power Distribution Scheme

    Client		:   Allison Transmission	
     Role			:   Designer/Drafting
     Description		:   110/11kV Switch Yard, Power Distribution Schemes

     Client		:   Apollo Tyres
     Role			:   Designer/Drafting
     Description		:   110/11kV Switch Yard, Power Distribution Schemes

      Client		:   Renault
      Role			:   Design/Detailing Eng.,
      Description                   :  220/11kV Switch Yard, Power Distribution Schemes

     Client		:   Renault Nissan	
     Role			:   Designer/Drafting
     Description		:   110/11kVSwitch Yard, Power Distribution Schemes

      Client		:   Cheyyar Shootech
      Role			:   Design/Detailing Eng.,
      Description                   :  110/11kVSwitch Yard, Power Distribution Schemes

      Client		:   Royal Enfield
      Role			:   Design/Detailing Eng.,
      Description                   :  33/433V Power Distribution Schemes

     Client		:   Ford India Private limited 
                                     	    (Expansion in Engine Plant)	
     Role			:   Designer/Drafting
     Description		:   Power Distribution Schemes

     Client		:   Rane Engine Valves Private Limited		
     Role			:   Designer/Detailing Eng.,
     Description		:   Power Distribution Schemes
     
     Client		:   Rice Lake Weighing Systems India Limited		
     Role			:   Designer/Detailing Eng.,
     Description		:   Power Distribution Schemes 

      Client		:   Asohk Leyland	
      Role			:   Designer/Detailing Eng.,
      Description                   :  Power Distribution Schemes

      Client		:   Areva	
      Role			:   Designer/Detailing Eng.,
      Description                   :  Power Distribution Schemes

  Education           
                    
           2003 – DEEE (Diploma in Electrical & Electronics) 
           From MAVMM  Polytechnic College, Madurai.
           (Affiliated to DOTE – Chennai,  Tamilnadu, India.)


My Service Nature
	Engineering of Switchgear up to 230kV level Substations with breaker, Double Main Bus bar Transfer, Single Bus Configurations for Line, Feeder, Transformer, Bus Coupler, Transfer Bus Coupler, Bus Section, Reactor, Capacitor, Bus Bar & Generator.


Skill set:                                                                                                                                                 
	•	AutoCAD All versions.
	•	AutoCAD 2D & 3D
	•	MS-EXCEL, WORD
	•	Operating Systems WIN-98, WIN-2000, XP & WIN-7
	•	Micro station v8
	•	PC Schematic 
	•	MS Project
	•	MS Office
Declaration:                                                                                                                                               

        I hereby declare that the particulars mentioned above are true and complete to the best satisfaction of 
my Knowledge.


With Regards,							  	             Place:  Chennai, India.
							                                  
KANDASAMY M

