CURRICULUM VITAE

	•	Komal Prasad	  		Correspondence Address         
komal.prasad74@gmail.com                                           		S/o C.M.Prasad
Mobile: +91-9592562670                                                                             F.NO 104, Block 1, Badrinath Aptt.
             +91-7677345248                        					Gugsalai, Jamshedpur
                                                                                                 		Jharkhand, India-831006						                                                                                         
Career Objective: To work sincerely building a symbolic relationship with your organization, where my efforts will be complemented by career growth, higher degree of responsibility and to prove myself a valuable asset.
Academic Credentials

1. B.Tech (August, 2011) in Electrical Engineering from Binoba Bhave University, Hazaribagh.
2. 10+2(2005) from Ranchi Academic Council, Ranchi.
3. 10th (2003) from Ranchi Secondary Examination Board.

Current working Experience
Organisation – Hindustan Power Projects Pvt.Ltd.
Completed Project
31.5 MW Solar PV Plant
Location			-Mansa, Punjab
Duration			-29 Feb 2016 to till date
Designation			- Engineer 

Job Profile: Presently working in Hindustan Power Project Pvt. Ltd as an Engineer. Extensive experience in erection, testing, commissioning, maintenance, troubleshooting of utilities and equipment’s in Power Plants and Switchyards like Power and Auxiliary Transformers, Breakers, Relays, Current Transformers, Potential Transformers ,Inverters ,RMUS, Transmission Line etc., associated with reputed names like Padmavahini, Sudhir, Rishabh, Jakson, Statcon, Trinity Touch, Bonfiglioli, SMA, ABB Ltd, Schneider, Raycam, Thermaax etc.

Nature of work
	•	Project Execution work for Solar PV plants from 3.8 MW to 100 MW.
	•	Erection, commissioning, testing and Quality checked and execution and operations of Power transformers, RMUs, HT line feeders including autoreclosure and sectionalizes. 66 KV Switchyard, 66 KV Transmission Line, 11KV to 66 KV Indoor HT panel as well as Metering panel and power control center.
	•	Testing and Commissioning of control & relay panel for, Transformer and Line feeder, CT, P.T , Circuit breaker, switch gear and Power Transformer and LT, HT cable.
	•	Knowledge of Transformer protection, Transformer Differential protection & REF protection, Bus Bar protection, control circuit scheme.
	•	Trouble shooting and fault analysis of all Electrical circuits, control and protection circuits..
	•	Co-ordination with vendors As per Built Scheme drawing submission, test report submission and quality check document submission.
Responsibilities : Handling 31.5 MW with issue rise in blocks like transformer, Inverter, and switchyard etc. routine checkup of transformer WTI,OTI with present load in Inverter, checking polarity between SCB to DCDB before COD, checking accurate current and voltage between string at SCB end and rectify problem. Checking R & C, RTCC Panel termination etc.

 
Past Project/  work  Experience
1.Organisation – Ray’s Power Expert’s Pvt. Ltd
5.5 MW Solar Power Plant 
Location			- Midnapore, West-Bengal
Duration			- 25 Nov 2015 to 28 Feb 2016 
Designation			- Senior Engineer.
Job Profile: Worked as a Senior Engineer for EPC Company with site related Project responsibility.

2. Organization	-   Acme Cleantech Solution Limited
Project Completed  	
100 MW Solar Power Plant 
Location		- Bap, Jodhpur, Rajasthan. 
Duration		- January 2015 to November 2015
Designation		- Electrical Engineer.

Nature of work:-
	•	Study and execute the project planning as per given SLDs. Power and control scheme and equipment drawing and mentioned BOQs/BOM.
	•	Planning, coordination between Project manager/head and vendor team for timely completion of the
Project.
	•	Erection and commissioning of 132 KV Switchyard and 132 KV transmission line (Double circuit).
	•	Erection and commissioning of 11 KV switchgear panel (ABB) indoor, Inverters, ACDB and PLC panel.
	•	Erection and commissioning of C&R panel, RTCC panel and 11kV switchgear panels.
	•	Testing and commissioning of 132 KV LA, PT, CT, SF6 Breaker, Isolator and 50/60MVA ONAN/ONAF power transformer.
	•	Testing of earth resistance related to switchyard grid and equipment etc.
	•	Simulation check for WTI and OTI of 60 MVA transformer.
	•	11KV and 132 KV breakers, bus coupler mechanical and electrical interlocks check.
	•	Attained the safety activities for field related work.
	•	Laying of 11KV different size of HT cable with their standard test.
	•	Initial check done before pre- commissioning.
	•	Documentation regarding quality compliances, pre commissioning, post commissioning and connectivity test report carried out with vendor.
	•	Execute and commissioned the PLC and SCADA communication for inverters, HT panels as well as WMS system.
  
Job Profile: 
Worked as Electrical Engineer (Block Incharge) as a Client and responsible for all site operations and other activities.

Responsibilities
a)  Responsible for preventive, routine and breakdown maintenance of plant.
b)  Responsible for all day to day site Operations
c)  Operation and maintenance of 4 MVA, 380 V /11KV transformer and 1250 KW Inverter.
d) Operation and maintenance of solar modules (250,255,245 W) and SCB.
e)  Billing and site Technical Support to contractor.   
f)  Operation and maintenance of DC SCADA software, HT & LT panels, 132 KV switchyard equipment like CT, PT, isolator, LA etc.




3. Organization	-   Sun Reign Energy Systems Pvt. Limited
Project Completed
Project No 1		-    25 MW Solar Power Plant. 
Location		-    Bap, Jodhpur, Rajasthan. 
Designation		-    Project Engineer.
Project No 2		-   4.7 MW Solar Power Plant.
Location		-   Kolayat, Rajasthan
Designation		-   Project Engineer
Project No 3		-   7.52 MW (Rooftop) Solar Power Plant.
Location		-   Radha Swami Satsang-Dera, Punjab
Designation		-   Project Engineer
Project No 4		-   11 MW Solar Power Plant
Location		-   Kazipet,Telengana
Designation		-   Project Engineer
Project No 5		-   22 MW Solar Power Plant
Location		-   Bhadla,Rajasthan.
Designation		-   Project Engineer
Project No 6		-   3.88 MW Solar Power Plant
Location		-   Lumania, Rajasthan.
Designation		-   Project Engineer

Responsibilities 

	•	Work with a team of engineers in developing, testing and homologating solar photovoltaic systems, support structures, solar Panels and modules, electric power generation units for residential and light commercial use.
	•	Assemble &commissioning of SF6, CSP Solar modules, panels and support structures, as prescribed in the assembly instruction.             
	•	Also responsible of Erection of Inverter and other power Equipment as per the standard drawing and specification.
	•	Project Reporting & project Monitoring.
	•	Communicate with the EPC contractor for solving the project related issues.
	•	Handle sites, coordinate project activities, and provide technical inputs. Carry out survey and investigation of projects/schemes as per contract specifications. Identify and finalize the workforce ensuring quality supply of materials for effective project development.
	•	Schedule, conduct, and participate in Project meetings.
	•	Structured detailed budget for complete project, planned schedule of activities, mobilized resources materials and manpower for successful execution.
	•	Excavating trench, laying cable and termination.
	•	Inastallation of SMB/CB and termination Carrying out electrical testing ,polarity test of string, installation and continuity test of DC cable, earth fault test at inverter end.

4. Organization	-    A2Z Maintenance and Engineering Service Ltd.
Project		-    Smart Metering System
Location		-     Ferozepur, Punjab 
Duration		-     September-2011 to Jan- 2013
Designation		-     Graduate Engineer Trainee (GET)    

                                       
                                                                                                          
Industrial Exposure

Vocational Trainings:
1.  Safety Training from NTTF Safety Excellence Center (TATA STEEL)
2.  16 KvA Transformer commissioning and design from SASA TRAFO
3.  SMS, TBS Training from SAIL, Bokaro
4. PLC from IDTR, Jamshedpur..
Seminar Delivered

1.  Seminar Delivered on Robotic machine.
Computer Skill Set
Operating System: MS-DOS, Windows 2000 Family.
Packages:  MS Office.
Personal Information
Date of Birth:   		  	23th June, 1987
Father’s Name: 		Sh. C.M Prasad
Marital Status:  		Single
Gender:             	 	Male
Permanent Address:		Flat. No 104, Bolck 1, .Badrinath Appt., Jugsalai, Jamshedpur ,Jharkhand, 831006, India.
Other Details
Extracurricular Activities
1. Won 2nd in College level Chess Championship.
2. Won Prize in drawing competition.
Strengths
Self-motivated, eager to learn, diligent, optimistic.








            Komal Prasaad
