

                                                                       Nirajkumar Singh
Address:                                                                                  
206/4, Chankyapuri, 
Ghatlodia, Ahmedabad                                                                       ,                                                                                                      
Pin Code: 380061                                      
India.          
E-mail Id: Nirajkumar.uk26@gmail.com                                                             M. No: +91 7600634764
Nationality: Indian    
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

Profile
I am a good team leader as well as a good team member and have participated in various team activities as a team leader. I have done many successful researches as well as prepared many financial reports. I am an adaptable, versatile and innovative graduate who has an ability to inspire other’s; can easily work on Microsoft office, Payroll and Tally software. I am searching for an opportunity to get job to increase and develop my skills.


Current studies
Staffordshire University						   Jan 2014- June 2015
Master of Business Administration		                                        Grade  
Risk and Financial Analysis 	                                                                First class              
International Supply Chain Management                                               First class                                      
Global Strategic Management                                                                First class

Education and Qualification 
International School of Management Studies, Pune, India	     2012 - 2013
Edexcel BTEC Level 7 Extended Diploma in                                     Grade: Pass (2:1)
            Strategic Management and Leadership 
	•	Managing Financial Principles And Techniques 	
	•	Research Methods For Strategic Managers      
	•	Project Development And Implementation For Strategic Managers         
	•	Professional Development For Strategic Managers
	•	Strategic Human Resource Management                	
	•	Developing Strategic And Managerial Leadership Skills
	•	Strategic Quality And Systems Management

N.R. Institute of Business Administration, Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India 2009 – 2012
Bachelor of Business Management
	•	Management Accountancy                                                      Grade: First class (2:1)            
	•	Advanced Human Resource Management            	

H.S.C Gujarat Board 2009						82%
 S.S.C Gujarat Board 2007						78%

WORK EXPERIENCE

Staff Indian Society (a society at Staffordshire)                         June 2014 to May2015
Appointed as a Finance manager to carry out all financial activities of society: including budget planning, budget control, fund raising, auditing, and book keeping.    



Internship 
Offer Beat (a local Search Engine) Pune, India		        10th Oct 2012 to 24th July 2013
Approached by the Research and Development department of offer beat: to carry out a research on the scope for the new local search engine in the local market and to prepare a project to successfully launch a local search engine in Pune. It included market research, project management and meetings with customers and market experts.

EMPLOYABILITY SKILLS

	•	Analyzer: I am a very good analyzer and investigator in different situations as well as tasks given to me. I have an ability to evaluate things from different aspects. This makes me good decision maker also. 
	•	Time Management: I have always planned out all the things to be done in the whole day, week, and year and have been doing this for the past six years so that I can achieve my dream. Time Management has been grown over the years as I had a lot of project to be done in college and had to submit each project on time where I even had a time table for this. 
	•	Negotiation: I have always been very particular about spending money on the things I need and how to negotiate on the things I want. 
	•	Versatile: I am an adaptable graduate who can easily adjust with different role and utilise maximum resource available to achieve goal. 


INTERESTS & ACHIEVEMENTS

	•	In my masters I have got academic excellence award, Total quality management award and best market research of the year.  
	•	I have participated and won volleyball championship in 2007 at AakhilBhartiya Volleyball Championship in Gujarat. 
	•	I have won the Table Tennis Championship in 2012 at International School of Management Studies, Pune, India. 	
	•	Travelling the world has always been my passion, Experiencing different cultures and their natural resources has always been another great interest.

REFEREES

Andrew Hirst BSc MBA PhD PGCE(HE) FHEA Senior Lecturer  Award Leader MBA & IPA STMC/GIST Business School Faculty of Business, Education and Law Staffordshire University
Telephone Number +441782295861 e-mail a.p.hirst@staffs.ac.uk

Mrigakshi Sharma
International School of Management Studies
Pune- India. 
Professor of personality development   
Mobile number: +91 9881804411



