Resume
Position Apt>lied
AdministrativeAssistant & Office Coordinator








MIRZA SHADAB BEG
S/O MIRZA RAIS RAJA

Email ID:
mina shadabbeg92@gmail.com Contact Num:+91-8808602018
+91-8318998090

PersonalData:
 Personal Summary
► A hig hly compe te nt, motivated and enthusias tic
administrative ass is tant with experience of working as part of a team in a busy office environmen t. Well organized and proactive in providing timely, efficient and accurate administra tivesupport  to office managers and work colleagues.
Approac hable, well presented and a ble to es tablish
►
Currently looking for a suitable position with a
reputable and ambitious company.
Work Experience

Date of Birth Sex
State of domicile
Nationality Marital Status Lang uageKnown

Address:
 : 04-02-1991
: Male
: Utter Pradesh
: Indian
: Single
: English,Hindi
 Company Name : Reliance Jio tnfocomm Limited.
Administrative Assistant from 2016 to till date.

Dutei s:
	•	Meeting and greeting clients and visitors to the office.
	•	Typing documents and distributin g memos.

Village P.OBox  Police Station : District
State
 Mujesh
Chaq Churwanpur Kurebhar
Sultanpur Utter Pradesh
	•	 Supervising the work of office juniors and assigning work for them.
	•	Handling inco ming / outgoing calls, correspondence
and filing.
	•	Faxin, g  printing,  photocopying, filing and sca nning.

Country
Pin Code
 India
228151
	•	 Organjsing business travel, itinerarie, s
accommodation for managers.
 and

PaMPPr1 Details·
Passport No Date of Js..,ue Date of Expire Place of Issue
 
N25 46462 26/08/2015
: 25/08/2025
Lucknow U.P
	•	 Monitoring invento ry, office stoc k and ordering supplies as necessary.
	•	Upda ting & maintain the holiday, absence and
training records of staff.
	•	Responsible for purchase orders.
	•	Raising of purchase orders and invoice tracking.
	•	Creating and modifying documents using Microsoft Office.

Key Skills and Competencies
	•	Strong organizational, administra tive and analytical skills.
	•	Excellent spelling, proofreading and computer skills.
	•	Ability to maintain confidentiality.
	•	Excellent working knowledge of all Microsoft Office pac kages .
	•	Basic Knowledge Internet and Outlook.
	•	Ability to produce cons iste ntly accurate work even whilst under pressure.
	•	Ability to multi task and manage conflicting de mands.


Academic  Qualification:	
	•	Graduation : B.SC (Maths ) From RMLU Univers ity Faizabad 2013 with science s tream.
	•	Intermediate : Utter Pradesh Education Boa rd in 2009 with
Science strea m.
	•	High School : Uttar Pradesh Education Board in 2007 with Science


Additional Qualification:
	•	Diploma in Computer Administration from KNIIT Sulta npur in 2010.



Declaration:



I hereby declare that the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.







Place: Date:
 
Your Faithfully
Mirza Shadab Beg
