CURRICULUM VITAE                                                                              
MOHD FARID                                                                                                                                                                               E-mail:- fareed9997@gmail.com			                                                                                                     Mobile No: - +91-8802711230, 9997951230			                                                                                          Present Address: F-15 3rd floor opp-hiba clinic batla house, Jamia Nagar New Delhi (110025)
Career Objective
I am seeking employment with a company where I can grow professionally and personally.
Work Experience 		
Company Name	                :               ACCENTURE (16 march 2017 - Present)
Designation		:	Financial Analyst, (Accounts payable) 
Project			:	Optical character reader (OCR), Inc.
                                                                & Audit & Support.
Environment		:	Audit & Support, Order To cash, 
Application                           :	SAP (System Application & Program) Oracle, Read soft, Birch Street (BST)                                        	MS Office, Data Quant 	
Support Origin                     :              NA (North America), Australia & Asia Pacific.  
Job Profile:
	•	Working as a billing and invoicing co-ordinator.
	•	Developing People. 
	•	Work allocation and reporting,
	•	Being a part of pilot batch, responsible for process knowledge transfer and updating SOPs.
	•	Adhering and maintaining the SLAs and turnaround time to respond.
	•	Communication via email with customers for extracting required information and resolving issue.
	•	Monitor company accounts to ensure payments to be up to date.
Work Experience
Company Name & Profile: -Quatrro processing Services Pvt Ltd. Quatrro processing Service Pvt Ltd. And we are working for “US BANK JPMORGAN CHASE”   For (Fraud analyst profile) and Raman Roy, Chairman & MD, Quatrro processing Services Pvt Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
About “JPM chase bank” ‘JPMorgan Chase & Co. is a multinational banking and financial services holding company headquartered in New York City. It is the largest bank in the United States, and the world's sixth largest bank by total assets, with total assets of US$2.35 trillion. Moreover, it is the Fifth largest public company in the world according to the Forbes Global 2000. It is a major provider of financial services and according to Forbes magazine is the world's sixth largest
JPMorgan Chase is one of the Big Four banks of the United States, along with Bank of America, Citigroup, and Wells Fargo. According to Bloomberg, as of October 2011, JPMorgan Chase had surpassed Bank of America as the largest U.S. bank by assets. 
   Duration: 4th Feb 2016 to 3rd Nov 2016.								                              Position: Analyst (Fraud analyst) 

Job Responsibilities
	•	Find out the customer Debit and credit card related frauds, and provide the refund and solution…. 
	•	Matches customer spending pattern, and provide the correct information related to fraud.   
	•	Find out the Frauds, and provide the prevention solution.
	•	Maintain the customer account, Assess data to ensure that proper accounting practices have been following.
Work Experience
Company Name & Profile:  IndusInd Bank
The Bank was formally inaugurated in April 1994 by Dr. Manmohan Singh, the then Finance Minister of India. IndusInd bank boasts of more than 800 branches and over 1,500 ATMs spread across the country. The Bank also has representative offices in London, Dubai and Abu Dhabi.

(Duration: 27th Oct 2014 to 25st Jan 2016.)  More than one Years of experience As an Associate Sales Manager –Corp. Salary, Delhi, India

Job Responsibilities

	•	Generate lead and making new corporate for salary account. 
	•	Provide the better services and rectify issues for establish good relationship.
	•	Generate maximum revenue through maximum account and cross sales (current a/c, general insurance, credit card, life insurance) 
	•	Maintain the existing corporate and provide better services.

Professional qualification
MBA (completed)                                                                                                                                                  Session: 2012-14                                                                                                                                                            HR institute of technology Ghaziabad, Affiliated to U.P. Technical University, Lucknow Approved by AICTE.
Area of Specialization: Finance & Marketing

Academic Qualification
Graduation Completed (B.com) CCS University Meerut in year 2012.	                                                                          HSC   U.P. Board 								                                                                                           SSC    U.P. Board

Achievements and Award 
During B.Com, I was Captain of College Cricket Team in 2011.					                        Participated in college fest “Nectar & Techvecanza”	                                                                                                       Hobbies: playing Cricket, Try to learn new thing, surfing, and Reading books.                                                             Strengths:	self-confident, Disciplined, Committed to responsibilities.                                                                       Languages Known: English, Hindi, Urdu and Arabic (Read Only)	


Computer Proficiency
Excel (MIS)												                           Ability to plan and execute ideas efficiently and work as a team				                Microsoft office suite											                        SAP (system application program)									                                                                                     Tally 9.0
Personal Data
Father’s  Name : M.F. Alam                                                                                                                                             Mother’s Name :  Noor Aisha                                                                                                                                                   Date of Birth 09, July, 1992                                                                                                                                                         Sex: Male                                                                                                                                                                                Passport No: M3002450                                                                                                                                                                               Nationality: Indian                                                                                                                                                                        Marital Status: Single                                                                                                                                                                   Religion: Muslim                                                                                                                                                                                     
Permanent Address
(Noor Manzil) Bus- stand, Nanauta (Saharanpur)(U.P.)247452


Declaration
I hereby declare that the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and belief.                                          





Date 
Place                                                                                                                                         Mohd. Farid

 
