RESUME

AVINASH KATOCH
Vill-Makol, Palampur, Kangra - 176076, H.P, India
E-mail id: avikatoch1211.@gmail.com
Contact: +918374469079, +919882626143.

Post applied for: - Structural Engineer.
Mechanical Engineer with 4.5 Year Experience.

OBJECTIVE
To secure a challenging position in an esteemed organization. Where my capabilities can be utilized for the growth of organization and ample scope obtained for my careers growth. To use the knowledge, experience and skill acquired, to learn and adopt new and emerging technologies.
HIGHLIGHT
A person who is eager, enthusiastic and determined. Able to examine a complicated problem in all aspects in a cool, detached and systematic manner and pin out the critical areas. Confident and ready to shoulder new responsibility.
JOB PROFILE
Fabrication & Erection of all Structural such as (Column, Truss, Electrical Rack, conveyer, duct, pipe racks & pipe support),Monitoring daily activities on day to day basis and meeting targets of construction schedule, Well versed with Safety Procedures at Worksites to maintain “Accident Free Site”. Manpower handling, motivating them along guidance related safety. To co-ordinate for shut down activities of off- plot and on plot tie in piping works include shut down plan preparation, manpower, machinery, shutdown materials, and equipment estimation, coordination for the permit to work procedure with client, coordination for the site preparation etc.
Various alignment involved in coordinating with planning, quality control and safety members regarding the works. Coordination & planning with piping execution department for necessary structure requirement as per layout. Coordinate with client / company for necessary raw material requirement & make MIV.

	•	M/s SATNAM GLOBAL INFRAPROJECT LTD.
	•	ENGINEER
	•	From AUG 2016 UP TO TILL DATE.
Working as Structural Engineer ONGC VA&S1 Development Project Odlarevu.Amlapuram, A.P.  
Monitored daily activities as per construction schedule structural fabrication, erection Worked as Team Leader to ensure skills of assigned manpower are aligned to project requirements Preparing all structure     fit up & erection document. 

	•	Career Highlights M/S CHATTERJEE ENGINEERING LTD.
	•	SUPERVISOR
	•	From DEC 2014 TO JULY 2016.


Managing structural fabrication, erection for RIL, JAMNAGAR, GUJRAT. 
Monitored daily activities as per construction schedule Worked as Team Leader to ensure skills of assigned manpower are aligned to project requirements Preparing all structure fit up & erection document. 

	•	M/S ATUL CONSTRUCTION COMPANY. 
	•	SUPERVISOR 
	•	From JAN 2013 to NOV 2014. 

EDUCATIONAL QULIFICTION 
	•	Secondary Education passes from H.P Board Dharamsala in 2011 with 1stdivision. 
	•	High School passes from H.P Board Dharamsala in 2008 with 1st division. 
TECHNICAL QULIFICTION 
Pursing Diploma in Mechanical Engineering. 

PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name			:	Avinash Katoch.
Father’s Name	:	Late Deep Chand Katoch
Date of Birth	: 	15/02/1991 
Sex			:	Male 
Religion		:	Hindu.
Marital Status	: 	Single. 
Languages Known: 	English, Hindi & Punjabi. 

Declaration

I hereby declare that all statements made in this application are true and complete to the best of my knowledge. I shall be responsible for any action of the above statements is/are incorrect at any stage in future. 





(Avinash Katoch)






















