CURRICULUM VITAE

RAJEEV KUMAR MISHRA					Mailing Address
 MAIL: rajeevmtcpl@gmail.com                    	                        Modern jail campus, (new)   
Contact No.  +918756118015   , +919118831057                 	Gosaiganj , Lucknow, (U.P.) 
      				                                                     Pin code-227305   
                                                                                                     

			              Career Objective


A person who is satisfied will never grow, as satisfaction stops the progress. I always try to learn new things and to implement them. I want to work in an organization that provides me a platform to perform my tasks efficiently where I can prove my capabilities and skills, serve the organization with fullest of my capabilities and work in a challenging atmosphere which provides ample opportunities for learning and growth.


Personal Skills
    

 I am an optimistic person with a rational approach towards life. I am committed to my work and career and do not hesitate in doing hard work. Able to co-ordinate various activities and have immense desire to learn new skills to improve performance.

Academics


Degree
University/Institute
Year
%/CQPI
B.Tech-   Electrical & Electronics Engineering – 4rd  year
UP Technical University
2010
74.8
B.Tech-   Electrical & Electronics Engineering – 3rd  year
UP Technical University
2009
66.1%
B.Tech –Electrical & Electronics  Engineering  - 2nd year
UP Technical University
2008
65.7%
B.Tech – Electrical & Electronics  Engineering – 1st year
UP Technical University
2007
	62.3	%
Higher Secondary
S.m.k  inter college ,Kanpur

2004
63.4%
Senior Secondary 
Christ church inter college
,Kanpur 
                            
2002
69.5%


Technical Proficiency & Work Experience

       
        Medhaj Techno Concept Pvt Ltd for FSP- II 
	•	Providing the consultancy service for supervision, quality control & monitoring of 11 KV Feeder Separation Project, Phase -II in villages under the jurisdiction of MPMKVVCL, Bhopal.
	•	Asset Mapping of 11 KV feeders with their adjoining DT’S, LT network & consumer indexing.
	•	Construction and erection of 11 KV feeders.
	•	Installation of DT’S for power distribution.
	•	Installation of energy meters at consumer locations.
	•	Conversion of LT to HVDS system.
	•	Preparation of BOQ (Bill of Quantity).
	•	Coordination and following up with contractor and vendors.
	•	Time management & job planning and allocation of work to subordinates for team work. 
	•	Generation of regular & need based MIS (management information system) report.

Projects Done

  
	•	Project on 8051based mobile controlled electrical equipment with Password, Acknowdgement & display system.


Significant Achievements












	
 
	•	Six weak summer training on electrical panels from Jackson egg. Limited, Gr. Noida .
	•	Participated in various cultural activities, various other competitions at school & college.
	•	Member of Electrical Society of College.


Strengths


	•	Ability to work in a team as a leader or as a responsible member or alone.
	•	Interactive and Good Communication Skills.
	•	Confident and Positive attitude.
	•	Hard-working & Honest.
	•	Patience. 

Personal Details

Date of Birth			: 15, July, 1987
Sex				: Male
Marital Status			: Married
Father’s Name			: Sh. Mukesh Mishra
Mother’s Name                       : Smt. Suman Mishra
Permanent Address                  :  Village-Bairampur  Post -Naglanan, Near shamanshabad
                                                         District- Farrukhabad, (U.P.)
                                                         
Interest and Activities             : Listening to Music, playing Cricket, Basketball
Languages                               : English, Hindi


Declaration


  
    
  I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge

DATE:
13 -06-2016	  						                RAJEEV KUMAR MISHRA
                      
