	
Manish Saini
Address	: H.No-89, Extn-2D, Nangloi, New Delhi-41
Phone		: +91-9910909571	
E-mail		: manishsaini9910@gmail.com
Date of Birth	: 28-07-1992
Branch		: Mechanical Engineering
College 	: Shri Balwant Institute of Technology, Sonepat

               
CAREER OBJECTIVE

To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me job satisfaction and self development and help me achieve personal as well as organizational goals.
ACADEMIC PROFILE

Degree/ Certificate
Board/ University
School / College
Year of Passing
Percentage 
B.Tech
M.D University, Rohtak
Shri Balwant Institute of Technology, Sonepat

2014

69.1%
Diploma
(Mech. Engg.)
Board of Technical  Education, Delhi
Guru Nanak Dev Polytechnic, Delhi
2011
69%
10th
CBSE
Neo Convent Sr. Sec. School, Delhi
2008
72%
 
TECHNICAL SKILLS

	•	Technical Software   : AutoCAD, CATIA & Stress Analysis Software CAESAR 2
	•	Platform		    : Windows (98/XP/7)

SUMMER PROJECTS
	•	Piping Design: Overview & Layout Study
Company		   : Engineers India Ltd. Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi
Duration		   : 13th Jan 2014 to 9th May 2014
Project Summary	: Its about the activities carried out by the department include Preparation of Equipment Layout, Engineering for Procurement, Engineering for Construction, Piping Stress Analysis etc. It also carried with the various other software used in Piping Engineering department like PDS (Plant Design System), IPMCS (Integrated Piping Material Control System), AutoCad etc.

My Role	: During my training period, I was exposed to various activities that involved in piping department like preparation of equipment layout drawing, study of P&ids (Piping and Instrumentation diagram), about different types of piping supports. I have done stress analysis and modeling of pump on stress analysis software CEASAR II. Also I was exposed to other software like PDS (Plant Design System), EDS (Electronic Database Management), IPMCS (Integrated Piping Material Control System) etc.
	•	Activities involved in Pipeline Engineering
Company		   : Engineers India Ltd. Bhikaji Cama Place, New Delhi
Duration		   : 24th June 2013 to 2nd Aug 2013
Project Summary	: Its about the various engineering activities involved in installation, testing and commissioning of pipeline from cross country or over different countries. As it is the effective mode of transportation of various fluid products like crude oil , petrol, natural gas etc. So it includes the engineering process like designing pipe thickness , pressure, types of welding used, crossing , testing process like hydro testing, strength testing etc. 

My Role	: During my training period, I was exposed to various aspects of basic engineering and detailed engineering involved in Pipeline Engineering.

	•	Production Techniques
Company		  : Prasha Technologies Ltd. IMT Manesar, Gurgaon
Duration		  : 15th June 2012 to 31st July 2012
Project Summary	: Its about the different production techniques that are currently being    used in many industries and various implements that can be made to make it work more effectively.
My Role                    : I work as a trainee in a team and worked on various production line machines like TPP (Turret Punching Press), fabrication line, powder coating and assembly line and store department and learnt various techniques of production.

AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS

	•	Won 1st prize in event “Amazing Race” in college cultural fest Explorica 2013 held in SBIT.
	•	Won 1st prize in event “Express Your Mood” in college spunk club activity.
	•	Won 2nd prize in event “Lasar Optica” in college technical fest 2011 held in Delhi Technological University.
	•	Won 3rd prize in event “Wear n Tear my T-shirt” in college cultural fest Explorica 2011 held in SBIT.

EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES

	•	B-School category head in college cultural fest Explorica 2013 held in SBIT.
	•	Volunteer in “Job-Fair 2013” at SBIT.
	•	Member in result analysis Team of college technical fest TechAeon 2013 held in SBIT.
	•	Organiser of event “Pictionary” in college cultural fest Explorica 2011 held in SBIT.

HOBBIES
 
       Swimming, Playing Guitar, Listening music, Playing Cricket, Playing indoor games.

STRENGTHS
  	
      Punctual, Optimistic, Willingness to learn, Soft-spoken and Nature wise friendly.









Date: 	
Place:	                     									(MANISH SAINI)
