                                                                                                					
Mahadev Das
B.Tech in Civil Engineering from Techno India Batanagar,  west Bengal.
 (Approved by AICTE, New Delhi &
 affiliated to MAKAUT, Kolkata)


Permanent address	             : Vill-Patpur. P.O:-Dhara. PIN:-722138. D.T:-West Medinipur.  
              State:- West Bengal.
Email Id			:  mdmahadevdas@gmail.com
Mob. No.			:  07278377048

Objective: To  enhance and utilize  my  technical  knowledge and  skills  with  advance opportunities and 
to  pursue a challenging carrier.
 Experiance:   Total 1 year experience in construction industry for  the project of Tata Housing, Bhubaneswar & GSRP ,Darjeeling.
Current Position: Currently worked at “LARSEN &TOUBRO” for the project of “GSRP”,in Structural Department at Darjeeling. 

Key Skills in Civil Engineering:
	•	Expertise to handle equipments ( slump cone test apparatus,
      compressive cube testing machine, flakiness and elongation testing apparatus and so on)
      for control the quality at site as per IS code.
	•	Skilled in structural section with modern construction methodology.
	•	Familiar with Indian Codes.
	•	Efficient to prepare BBS, BOQ &BOM.
 
Academic Qualification:
Examination
Institute Name
Board Name
Year
Grade/Percentage
	•	B.Tech 
    
Techno India Batanagar
MAKAUT
2016
80.04% 
	•	Higher Secondary
Nangi High School(H.S).
WBCHSE
2012
67%
	•	Madhyamik
Batanagar Sri Ramkrishna Ashram Vivekananda Vidyamandir.
WBBSE
2010
72.25%





Skills:
	•	Excellent communication skills in English, Bengali & Hindi.
	•	Has a good analytical & problem solving skills.
	•	Competent, punctual, responsible &motivating team player.

Industrial  visit & Project Works:
	•	CESC Power plant, for Budge Budge,WB 1days
	•	Calcutta River-Side Project, Kolkata for 2 days
	•	Metro railway project from Noapara to Airport(Tantia Construction Limited) for 30 days
	•	Raychak on gonges project (Ambuja Reality Development Ltd) for 30 days


 
Additional information:                                                                                                                                                                                        
Active member of  Sri Ramkrishna Ashram(Batanagar)  and Student member of IEI (Institute of Engineers India),Kolkata

Interests:	
Construction of bridge, high rise building & road, Concrete technology, Physics, Mathematics. 


Hobbies:
Teaching, Reading news paper, Gardening.

Computer Efficiency:
	•	Certified in course of Information technology Application
	•	MS office Application
	•	Autocad 2016

 Extra-Curricular Activities:
	•	Essay Writer(Have many certificate for essay writing)
	•	Varies kinds of social activity
Personal Details :
Father’s Name 		 :  Sanatan Das
Mother’s Name		 :  Purnima Das
Date of Birth			 :  01st December, 1994
State 				 :  West Bengal
Nationality			 :  Indian
Blood Group		    	 :  A+
               
              All the information given here is correct and true to the best of my knowledge.



Date:  											       


                                                                                                                                                Signature

