					RESUME
R.ELAKKIYARAJ.,BE.,
  3Year 4Month experience in Solar Energy
Email.id:     raajlucky004@gmail.com
Mob.No:    +91-887-000-772-5

SUMMARY                                                                                                                                                           
	1. Hands on experience in developing, evaluating and analysis of solar energy systems with sound knowledge of Electrical and Electronic Engineering. Looking for a challenging position in solar power energy towards with the view to attain professional growth and development.
	2. A highly motivated and dynamic electrical engineer with production, testing and commissioning with solar PV module systems.
	3. To be associated with progressive organization that give me scope to apply knowledge, skills and myself a part of the team dynamically work towards the growth of organization.
	4. To perform task given to me with maximum efficiency and higher quality while maintaining a strict level of professional ethical value.

EDUCATION
	Achieved Bachelor of Degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering, Prince Shri Venkateshwara Engineer College, Anna university of Chennai in the Year of 2013.

CAREER HISTORY
	ORGANIZATION	  :	Aukar Technologies
	POSITION		  :	Production Engineer
	DURATION		  :	From April”2013 to Till Now
	FIELD			  :	Production, Erection and Stock incharge of solar panels
	CONTACT		  :	aukartech.com

JOB RESPONSILITIES
	•	PV module designing since 10Wp to 300Wp.
	•	Finalizing solar PV efficiency, Module Sixe, Cell Size.
	•	Making process of Tabbing, Stringing, Layering, Bus Bar, Lamination, Module Testing using Sun Stimulator, Framing, Fixing Junction Box, Cleaning and Packing.
	•	Quality assurance for Module Division.
	•	Handle responsibilities of providing technical guidance to the staff in Power Systems.
	•	Perform Calculation and determining the solar power systems by using standard Ministry of New and Renewables Energy(MNRE) calculation.
	•	Perform research and the best technologies and strategies to provide full support in all phase of project.
	•	Responsibilities for identifying requirements to meet project delivery schedules and determining solution, If any
	•	Responsibilities for operate and programming in semi-automatic laminating machine.
	•	Preparation of weekly and monthly progress updates and Bank account reports.
	•	Responsibilities to implement Solar power systems with client satisfy and organization satisfy. Promoting organization in the websites.


AREA OF INTEREST
	Power Plant Engineering 
Design and Control of Electrical Machines
Electrical Estimation

ACHIEMENTS
	Academic result oriented
		Completed a Home Construction from basements to opening with all responsibilities
		I had done My Everywhere with full satisfaction 
	
HOBBIES
		Listening the entire world especially My surroundings
		Playing Carom and Drawing
		Home wiring	

MY POSITIVES
	Innovative Thinker
	Ability to work with a team
	Never give up My goal
		BIO-DATA

Father’s Name		:	RAJENDRAN S
D.O.B			:	23rd DEC 1991
Nationality		:	INDIAN
Languages Known	:	English and Tamil
Marital Status		:	Unmarried
Permanent Address	:	1/197, Middle Street, Ogalur (post), Kunnam (taluk),
				Perambalur (district), 621108	
Passport Number 	:	L6778368
Passport Validity	:	31 Dec 2023

				DECLARATION
I hereby to declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of My Knowledge. I will earnestly endeavour My Duty. I requested that I may please be entrusted with a job in your Esteemed Project.


	DATE	 :							Truthfully,
		
	PLACE  :
			
									(Signature)
									(ELAKKIYARAJ R)


