PRIYANKA SANGANERIA GUPTA                                           Contact No: +91-7878321456, 
capriyankagupta2014@gmail.com                                                 7D, Megha Tower-1 , Ghod dod road, Surat
 	
CAREER OBJECTIVE

To work in a challenging environment where I can apply my knowledge and to contribute to the growth of the organization, which I represent and serve, while concurrently upgrading my skills and knowledge.

PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION

Course
Institute
Level
Term
Result

Chartered
Accountancy


I.C.A.I.
Final
Nov 2013
50%225%


PCC
May 2010
51%


CPT
Aug 2007
          60%

ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION

Examination
College/ School
Year
Result

B.Com (Honors)
The Bhawanipore Education Society       College (Kolkata)

2010


64%
Class XII
Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan (CBSE) (Kol.)
2007
85%
Class X
Bhartiya Vidya Bhavan (CBSE) (Kol.)
2005
79%

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE

Inland World Logistic Pvt. Ltd.:  Job responsibilities includes controling 24 branches which requires the following:
      
	•	Daily follow up of CBS, BRS with active involvement in its completion 
	•	Study and analysis of bills outstanding which requires prepration of reports, study of system generated                                      mails and regular discussion with management, branches and parties 
	•	Analysing the Financial on the daily basis
	•	Looking after the finance of the company and also dealing with bank in respect of all the matters

 S. K. Agrawal & Co.: Served as an articled assistant and as a Trainee. Job responsibilities include the                                                following:

	•	Handling independent assignments,
	•	Liaising with Client’s for Quarterly Audit/Tax Audit/Statutory Audits and other assignments.
	•	Preparation and timely executions of Audit Plans,
	•	Finalization of Accounts and discussing audit issues with management.
	•	Preparation of Audit Reports
	•	Bank Audit (Statutory and Concurrent)
	•	Housing Loans and Mortgage loans of clients
	•	Achieving deadlines while working under pressure.
	•	Handling Internal and Statutory Audits :
	•	Preparation of Schedules for both internal and statutory audit.
	•	Preparation of Financial statement under IGAAP and IFRS on half yearly basis and ensuring audit of the same. 
	•	Responsibility for observations by auditors on any transactions into the system.


Company
Sector
Nature of Work
Key Areas of Exposure
Emami  Limited
FMCG
Statutory                    Audit,
Interim Audit and Tax Audit, Limited Review


Finalizing the accounts at lead with 5 subordinates, Consolidation  of  financial  statements, Fixed Assets, Related Party , , MAT application Ledger Scrutiny,  etc.
Joy Cosmetics Pvt. Ltd.
FMCG
Statutory   Audit,   Interim
Audit 
   Fixed Assets, Related Party , Statutory                     compliance, loan verification  etc
Orbit Group
Construction Industry
Statutory      Audit,      Tax
Audit
Consolidation  of  financial  statements,
Fixed Assets, Capitalization of Borrowing cost, AS 15, etc.
South City Group
Construction Industry
Statutory Audit
Ledger scrutiny
Kolony  Tea  Estates
Private Limited
Tea
Statutory                    Audit, 
Finalizing the accounts, Related party disclosure, auditing Investments, MAT application, Inter Corporate deposits and miscellaneous

M.Bhattarcharya & Co Pvt. Ltd.
Homeopathy medicine manufacturing Co.
Internal  Audit
Stock verification, Statutory compliance, Cost saving analysis etc.
Darjeeling  Dooars Plantation Tea  Limited
Tea
Vat  Audit
Calculation of Input Vat and Output Vat
Allahabad Bank (Strand Road  Branch)  
Banking Co.
Concurrent Audit 
Interest analysis of branch and compliance with other Banking Regulation acts and laws
Web Developing Co.
Outsourcing services
Human Resource Audit
Salary calculation, leave calculation, reconciliation of salary paid through cheque, full and final settlement of employees leaving
AMRI Hospitals Ltd. 
Hospital
Tagging of Fixed Assets
Tagging Fixed assets physically and reconciling the same through software



COMPUTER PROFICIENCY

Well conversant in MS-Word, MS-Excel and Power Point.
Worked on ERP packages, such as SAP, Tally and ACE based application
Completed 100hrs Computer Training Course from ICAI




CORE STRENGTHS

	•	Financial Reporting and Analysis
	•	Auditing and compliance
	•	Actual and Forecast Management
	•	Team Leadership & Development
	•	Accounting and Taxation
	•	Communication, Presentation and Interpersonal skills
	•	Hard Working
	•	Achieving deadlines

PERSONAL DETAILS




 

Fathers Name          :

Mr. Radhesh Kumar Sanganeria

















Husband Name       :      
Mr. Bhavesh Pravin Gupta, Surat
 
Date of Birth            :
14th of January, 1989


 
Languages                :
English, Hindi and Bengali
 
Hobbies                     :
Meditation, swimming, reading books and interacting with people

