
CURRICULUM - VITAE

	
PERMANENT ADDRESS
    SHAHNAWAZ
	RC-6 SHIV PARK KHORA COLONY
	DIST – GHAZIABAD  (U.P.) 201301 
	MOB.NO. - +91-9911047196, +91-7827055627
	E Mail – shahnawazalam125@gmail.com

 Career Objective:
I am looking for an opportunity to work with a progressive Organization to make use of my skills towards the growth of the organization and become an asset to the team I work for by learning new set of skills which are needed to achieve professional goals.
 
Work experience: 
	•	Working in UFLEX.LTD Sector-60 Noida (FMCG) Food and Beverage packaging division, 
(Production handling, manpower handling and shift management machine operation and there maintenance of machine 
from July 2014 –till date

	•	Designation- supervisor
	•	working role - production supervisor
Responsibilities: 

	•	Execute the production as per the plan. (This include interaction with stores, purchase, quality & methods departments to get the material on time & solve any issues (tool/machine problems, Rework of parts etc) contributing to line stoppages.
	•	Monitoring every day’s production target and discuss with superior to solve any issues related to production stoppages.
	•	Inventory control at WIP.
	•	Achieve a high level of operator efficiency.
	•	Control of manpower as per shift schedule.
	•	Achieving of daily / monthly plan / production targets.
	•	To maintain Hygiene and Good Manufacturing practices (GMP) norms of plant.
	•	To maintain Hazard analysisand critical control point (HACCP) preventive system
  

Key skills:

	•	Manufacturing, production planning, shift management, production management. Machine maintenance 


Training:
				INDIA YAMAHA MOTOR PVT.LTD  Surajpur Noida  (UP)
(This training is undertaken towards partial fulfillment of the Diploma Course for duration of 42 days)


Technical Qualification:
				
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering (Polytechnic) {65.16%}
				(Punjab State Board of technical education ) 2011 to 2014


  Academic Qualification: 
				
				High School Passed In CBSE Board 2010 (58.9%) (CGPA): 06.2
          

  Strength:					
			Basic understanding of computer  									Posses good communication hard working and quick learner
	

 Personal Details	:	
                                                           Name                               :    Shahnawaz
                                                 Father’s Name                    :     Mirajjuddin 
                                                 Date of birth                       :     15 January 1995
                                          Sex                               :    Male 
                                          Nationality                   :    Indian 
                                          Marital status               :    single 
                                          Languages Known       :    English, Hindi , Urdu 


DECLARATION


I hereby declare that the information given below is true to the best of my knowledge.

 Date -										
Place-	 							( Shahnawaz )
						

