Nawas Nazeer
 Contact: +91 9677888889| Email: nawasjanani@gmail.com

Performance Driven Marketing Management Professional
Expert In:  Marketing Management | Business Reengineering | Business Development |Resource Management Leadership |Financial Management | Operation |Construction | Project Management | Account Management
Profile Summary
	•	Seasoned professional with 16 years of enriched experience in managing the end-to-end spectrum of Construction Projects and Marketing Management across Real Estate industry. 
	•	Skillful in planning, executing and spearheading turnkey projects with key involvement in market research, , branding and promotion for successful launch of Housing projects in compliance with organizational quality standards
	•	Immense exposure in dealing with  suppliers for enhancing their progress, resolving contractual issues, analysing the market and providing required support etc. to ensure revenue growth and effective resource utilization to maximize the output
	•	Possess the ability to lead people toward the mission's vision and goals with success. Demonstrated excellence in handling multiple projects concurrently while managing, evaluating and enhancing performance of team members people 
	•	Expertise in maintaining healthy business relations with clients and liaising with the client at all stages for repeat business for organizations benefit.
Career Achievements

	•	Successfully managed to raise the figure of yearly turnover to 5 crores for Janani Housing Pvt. Ltd.
	•	Handled more than  25 residential land projects in Jemi  Housing Ltd. Trichy
	•	Demonstrated excellence in increasing the sales to 300 % in the financial year of 2009-2010 for Jemi Housing Ltd.
	•	Completed 60 housing projects in 5 yrs duration while association with Jancy Construction 

Positions of Responsibilities Held:

Senior Manager
Janani Housing, Trichy                                                                                                                                     Aug’13 to Mar’18

Role in brief: Positioned company's residential brand to complement and leverage renowned reputation in the real estate market through strategic business planning to generate revenue for the company. Responsible to conduct a detailed market research, gather the data and analyze the market trend to understand the competition in pricing.  Focused on the purchase section mainly dealing with property. Handled legal documentation work including listing and sales contracts and administration work.  Managed and supervised a team of 20+ people towards company mission for growth.

Zonal Manager
Jemi Housing Ltd.  Trichy                                                                                                                                  Dec’06 to Jul’13

Role in brief: Spearheaded in making the marketing and operation formal and in line to company’s vision by managing 15 branches. ensured the set target achieved. Responsible to develop financial and business planning, conducted complete market analysis to understand the current scenario in the targeted zone to pitch for new business. Handled client meetings to generate new business for promoting new projects. Responsible to share progress report to MD for review.




manager
Jancy Construction, Trichy.                                                                                                                               Nov’01 to Aug’06

Role in brief: Responsible for handling project budget for materials, manpower & maintaining accurate billing records. Skilled in practical construction knowledge, able to work on projects as per the drawings.  Successfully completed 60 housing projects. Handled a team of 10 laborers and multiple sub contractors in the project sites, managed and supervised workers during the work. Maintained proper coordination between the management and workers for smooth function in the organization. 


                                                                                  Education	

M.Phil (Management)                    Bharathidasan University, Trichy                                        2014 - 2015
M.B.A (Human Resource)               Periyar University, Salem                                                    2011 - 2013
B.com                                                 Bharathidasan University, Trichy                                       1996 -1999s
                                              Date of Birth: 2nd May 1979 || Linguistic Abilities: English, Tamil, Hindi, Urdu
                        Permanent Address: House No.82, Thiruvikka Street, Seshayee Nagar, KK Nagar, Trichy, Tamilnadu

