RESUME

SHANUB AYUB AC

Personal Data : 

Father’s Name   :Ayoob
Mother’s Name    : sheharba
Date of Birth    :06.02.1991
Sex                    :Male
Nationality       :Indian
Passport No : M8565911
Marital Status  : Married


Permanent Address :
Anayamchirakkal (H), 
Nannambra (P.O), kundoor, 
malappuram, kerala,india

Present Address:
1605 lulu tower
Al Nahda,Sharjah, UAE

Contact No.
+971 56 909 6607 
+91 9847881181(WhatsApp)

Email ID: 
shanubayubac@gmail.com

Skype id:
shanubayubac

Visa status :
Employment 

Driving license :
Having Valid UAE driving license
 
Notice period :
Immediately join

Career Objective                              
I would like to work in a challenging environment to find a launching pad where I can kick start and enrich myself from the surrounding and in return make the environment bit competitive.

Experience
	•	From  October 2016 to till today as Mechanical engineer at BLUE STAR ELECTRO-MECHANICAL CONTRACTING at Fujairah ,UAE
	•	From  June 2015 to September 2015 as Engineer trainee at Jinthal Steel &Power Limited Angul ,odissa site , india
	•	From October 2014 to May 2015 as a Quality Controller trainee  in Decibel NDE Inspection & Training Institute in Pattambi, Kerela(india) as Trainee. 
TECHNICAL QUALIFICATION
	•	Certified Quality Controller from Decibel certification limited United Kingdom.
	•	NDT  level 2 in accordance to ASNT-TC-1A edition 2011. (UT,RT,VT,MT,PT,RTFI,UT pipe butt weld scanning,UT plate  butt weld scanning) from  Decibel NDE Training Institute,Pattambi,Kerala.
	•	Welding Inspector level  2 from BQACS inaccordance to BS-EN-ISO-17637.
	•	Piping Inspector  in accordance to API 570.


ON  JOB  SKILLS                              
	•	Well knowledge of Structural, Equipment drawings.
	•	Deeply involved in erection and quality inspection of rotary equipment for coke oven battery
	•	Experience in preparation of BOQ and scope matrix 
	•	Preparing the erection schedule according to priority
	•	Performing ndt inspection (Penetrant testing ,magnetic particle testing, ultrasonic testing ,radiographic interpretations)as per specification.
	•	Documentation control of welding and ndt related works.
	•	Documentation of MT,PT,UT,VT.
	•	Well converse and sound knowledge in RTFI .
	•	Experience in welding symbols and welding positions.
	•	Well knowledge in HVAC system
	•	Knowledge in load calculations, drafting and designing of duct system
Skills
	•	Ability in supervising technician
	•	Dedicated and focused, able to prioritize and complete multiple tasks and follow through to achieve project goals.
	•	Excellent team player, flexible, innovative and adaptive.
	•	Knowledge of welding symbols and welding position.

Education  Profile                                    
Degree	: B.tech (2010-2014)
Branch: Mechanical Engg.
College      : Calicut university institute of engineering and technology
University  : Calicut University,kerala.


Computer proficiency
Operating Systems        :    WINDOWS 7/8/9..
Competent in working with MsOffice. AutoCAD ,
HAP 4.9, Mc Quay Duct Sizer, Mc Quay Pipe Sizer, 

Languages Known
English, Hindi 

Declaration
	
I hereby declare that all the data and information provided above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and I hold responsible myself for any irregularities if found.

Yours faithfully,
Date: 18/11/2017

Place: Sharjah                                                                        Shanub Ayub

