
                             CURRICULUM VITAE
                   
SANDIP KUMAR GOND		E-mail Id: skgsandipg@gmail.com
		Mobile: 91-9716449904
		Address-Ahaladpur Fazillnagar Kushinagar
	 

Objective 			
To constantly upgrade my knowledge and skills and make a difference in whatever I do. 
I want to gain professional knowledge by working in a professional environment and want to use all my strengths for the better management of the company.

Work Experience

I have Two Year Experience as Storekeeper in ISKCON Food Relief Foundation.

Education Qualifications
	
Course
Year
Board/University
Highlights
10th
2010
UP

12th
2012
UP

B.A
2015
DDU


Computer Skill 

Certificate in Basic  Computer  from VIJAY INSTITUTE  Gola bazaar Gorakhpur
Tally ERP 9
MS Excel /Ms Word
Internet  
Microsoft Windows XP, 2007 and Vista
Job Profile 
1. Stores organization and administration.
2.Maintenance and safe custody of stores. 3.Maintenance of stock location and bin card. 4.Cardex system of accounting. 5.Provisioning of stores. 6.Receiving, Storing and issuing of stores. 7.Purchasing and procurement of stores at competitive prices. 8.Reviewing and checking the complete documents pertaining to stores. Stock verification and reconciliation. 9.Inventory control activities. 10.Order processing and demand forecasting. 11.Report preparation.
Strengths		
	•	Be Cool, Patience and Be Positive
	•	Punctual.
	•	Self Motivated
	•	Good communication and Presentation skills.
	•	Believe in self Work and Study.

Personal Details
Father’s Name               -    Late Janardan Gond
Date of Birth                   -	   January,16 1995
Languages Known         - 	  English, Hindi and Bhojpuri 
Permanent Address       -     Village:- Ahaladpur, Tahsil:- Tamkhui,District:- Kushinagar (U.P)
Hobbies                          -     Playing Cricket, Listen to Music, Reading the news paper and
                                             Singing the Song.



Date:                                                                                                               
Place:                                                                              (SANDIP KUMAR GOND)                        



         
