
PARVEEN KUMAR  
H-110/15
Vill-Chaura Sec-22
Noida –G.B Nagar UP- 201301
MOB. : +91 9818799101	EMAIL ID: parveenkumar232@gmail.com

Brief Profile

To get a responsible and professionally challenging position, where 
I can make Contribution of my knowledge & skills for the growth and development of the organization.

A professional with 5 years of experience in sales, customer relationship management & back office operations

                                         Professional Qualification

MBA (Marketing & HR) from (G. B. Technical University, Lucknow in 2011)

                                         Career Highlights
Company:  Self Employed
                     Delhi Ncr
Profile     :   Management
DURATION: Sep 2014 Till date....

Company:  Serai Shipping Services
                     Dubai, UAE.
Profile     :   Operations Executive
DURATION: Feb 2012 to July 2014.

Areas of Exposure:-

Customer Relationship Management: 
	•	Building and maintaining healthy business relationships with corporate clients, ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery & service quality norms.
	•	Supervising customer service operations for rendering and achieving quality services, facilitating first line customer support by answering quarries & resolving issues.
	•	An effective communicator with excellent relationship building & interpersonal skills, strong analytical, problem solving & organizational abilities.

Back Office Operations:-
	•	Ensure effective liaison with agents and coordinated arrangement of shipments.
	•	Comprehensive understanding of export and import documentation be able to issue documents that comply with the shipping declaration requirements.
	•	 Negotiate with Forwarder to the lowest best price with comprehensive payment terms.
	•	 Approve bookings for container and freight pick up, and ensure coordination for shipments.
	•	Take responsibility for the shipment from its origin country until the shipment is delivered to the Warehouse.
	•	 Review and sign off shipping documents while ensuring completeness and accuracy.
	•	 Assist to prepare Authorization letter and send to forwarder together with shipping documents for clearance of the goods from the port.
	•	Seek innovative ways to improve service and cost, which will include both technological and process improvements.
	•	Ensure compliance with import/export regulations for all equipment and materials.
	•	Review and approve and follow up the documents, processes and controls of freight payment and audit system and ensure all documents, processes and controls are updated.
	•	Support the supply chain process through planning, on line allocation, pick release and invoicing to ensure customer’s requirements are met.
	•	Manage archiving of completed shipment files and maintain record keeping.


Past Company: VIDEOCOND2H
DESIGNATION: Operation Executive, Delhi NCR, India.
DURATION: 22-Jan 2011 to 19 -Nov 2011.
Brief of Job: 
	•	  Valuable experience in customer support and services in the sales and marketing sectors.
	•	Developed a good customer relationship of both existing and building new clients.
	•	Continually engaged in building clear and complete knowledge of products, workflow and procedures to enhance the quality of services.
	•	Assisted the sales functions in locating and introducing new corporate clients.
	•	  Ensured timely processing of products and delivery to clients.
	•	Providing products information to customers.
	•	Attending to customers queries & complains.
                                                       
                                                     Academic Credentials

            MBA (Marketing & HR) from G.B. Tech. University, Lucknow, India) in 2011.
            Bachelor Degree in Arts from V.V.S University U.P/ (India) in 2008.
            XII from U.P. Board (V.M.K. Inter College, Allahabad) (Science Stream) in 2004.
            X from U.P. Board (V.M.K. Inter College, Allahabad) (Science Stream) in 2001.

                                                        Technical Skills	                      
      
           Diploma In Computer Hardware Maintenance ‘O’ Level In Doeacc Society.
           Diploma In Computer Application (DCA)
           Operating System           : Window xp Window Vista
           Spreadsheet	                : MS- excel
           Presentation                    : MS- PowerPoint
           Word processor               : MS- word
           Internet operations          : Internet Explorer, Net Surfing, MS Outlook
                                                                                                                                                                          
                                                        Strong Traits                   
            Ability to quickly learn and implement
            Patience & cooperation in team
            People management skills
            Always willing to learn new things
            Multi-tasking.
Personal Details
                 Date of birth           : July 1st 1986                  Father’s name       : Mr. Laxmi Shanker                  Mother’s name      : Smt. Gayatri devi
                 Permanent add     : Vill. Kishora, Post Handia,
                                               : Dist-Allahabad, U.P. India-221503                                Passport No.         : H0764700
                 Language Known  : English, Hindi
        References on Request
             I hereby solemnly declare that the above particulars are true to the best of my knowledge.
         Place	: Noida 
         Date	:                                                                                  (Parveen Kumar)
